<repository>  
# LUKSO-Hardhat-template  
## overview  
repository: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/  
userName: CJ42  
repository: LUKSO-Hardhat-template  
branch: main  
date: 2023-11-27T10:16:38+01:00 (1701076598)  
description:
hello everyone and welcome to this uh in
this Workshop tutorial where today we
are going to learn how to create an nft
collection using the luus standard lp7
or LS
sp8 so in in today's video we're going
to see how we can create different type
of nfts and we will see different
example uh for instance um for instance
like the example that you have listed
here to create different type of
collections so things like um nfts where
you need to create large
quantities like digital tickets for
events or large quantities of nft with
the same design that are um that act as
collectible or using um or doing things
like creating a collection like a basic
nft collections or dynamic nfts that can
evolve or a more advanced use case like
collections of sub
collections so to get started uh we are
going to use uh template that I've
created that use the latest version at
the current time of hard heart and eers
and uh to you so you can run the
following instruction to um to clone the
repository and install all the
dependencies and you need to make sure
that you have uh this version of
nodejs and if you don't you can just
install it using you can just update
your node version using
NVM okay so let's get started so first
of all we need to there is a first
concept what we need to learn and
understand which is uh the the type of
token that we are going to create so the
type of digital
asset and when we create a digital asset
smart contract on loo we need to specify
the token type under the following data
key in thec 75 y storage so the there
are three type that we can Define we can
Define either a token or we can Define
um an nft or we can define a collection
a token will mean that each item uh have
the same value as another and nft mean
will mean that each item are unique with
our own design and the collection will
mean that uh it's a group of
nfts okay so let's get
started so we're going to first start by
creating a digital ticket for an
event and to do that we can use the
standard LSP 7 and Set uh the decimals
to zero using the non-divisible flag
when we deploy the token and so the
token type will be zero which is a token
and this is useful when we want to to
create large quantities of nfts where
each nft is the
same um and we can use that especially
in context where we need to Mint large
quantities of nfts all at once and
thanks to lp7 set non divisible we can
do that because we will be able to
create uh to Mint to call the Min
function once with the recipient amount
recipient and the amount of token to to
me to create and uh then we
um and then we will just call the and
and yeah this will just create the whole
batch all at once so for creating this
is useful uh because we can just do that
in a single transaction instead of
calling M and the token ID a thousand
time so a good example of use case for
that are Cinema tiet uh things like
event tickets for events or uh where we
want to
um Supply uh the total amount that we
want to create and then we can
afterwards uh transfer each of them
individually or each attendant like each
attendant to the event can basically
claim the
nft so this is an example of how we can
represent an an evate as an nft using
lp7 so as you can see we will just
inherit the sb7 minable um uh contract
and uh we just Define the name of the
event the symbol of the token and who on
the contract we mark this contract as
indivisible meaning that uh it's a when
you get a digital ticket for the event
it's a full ticket you cannot split the
token in the ticket in half uh which
mean which is the parameter non
divisible
here and then we can set the token type
uh as we said the4 token type to a token
meaning that what we are creating
represent an actual uh token so one
ticket has the same same value as
another tickets there are all both
interchangeable and we can mint a batch
of thousand ticket of 100 tickets here
all at once um as follow and we are
using here the traditional uh
distribution uh the pattern that is
often used where uh basically tokens are
just minted
to one address that will then distribute
this uh these ticket
okay now we're going to see the second
example where uh we can use still the
same standard sp7 to create 100
collectible with the same
design and so it will be the same we
just use LS sp7 set to non divisible and
the token type is one and this is useful
when we actually want to
differentiate when we want to create
large quantities of nfts efficiently but
we want to differentiate it the asset we
are creating is either uh a token or an
NFD uh so in this case here all the LD
has have the same design is still useful
to large quantities and a comparison
with a real world here is Pokemon is
like basically trading cards if you're
familiar with trading cards uh a lot of
people collect them things like Pokemon
or magic recovering or baseball card um
and there are a large there are multiple
uh quantity of uh such card for instance
a Charizard or one of baseball C like
that that have been created in multiple
quantities but people uh collect have a
collectible aspect so this is how we can
use the standard to map to an example
from The Real
World and this is how that would look
like in uh solidity we will still use LS
sp7 so we can create a large quantity
but only if we set the non divisible
flag to True uh because it's the same
you a trading card you cannot rip it in
half and give me half you just own the
full card or you you don't own any C or
you don't own the card and same you can
see here in the Constructor we're going
to set the the lp4 token type to be an
NFD okay now we're going to see a third
example where we are going to create
collection um where each collectible is
unique and this is a bit similar to what
already exist um and to do that we are
going to use LS sp8 and we will set the
token type uh to a collection and this
is the most simple way to create nfts on
so really uh that mimics the current nft
collection that
exist uh so if you want to recreate
popular collections similar to what's
already there like out there like crypto
punks or bard Apes collection like that
you can use this um um this mixing of Ls
sp8 and the token type to
three and um yeah this is useful
especially when you want to create an
nft with the metadata is going to be set
in stone it's not going to change um and
so like you create vft you set its
metadata and the metadata is is setup
and very
relatively speaking example with a weird
word again is uh it's basically painting
or digital art you you basically create
U when when a painting is created it's
uh the the art pieces is there it's not
going to change it's just painting and
in oil painting and uh we have the same
now nowadays with digital art so for
instance this collection of digital art
the uh the art pie is there it's not
going to it's not going to change so um
so yeah we can use the this combination
to reproduce something uh
similar okay so we going to do bit of uh
uh coding in solid and we're going to
see how we can create uh uh such a basic
example and we will look we will do that
by inheriting the LSP contract so I will
go over the uh the repository if you
have downloaded it and you have
installed it you we'll see that there is
a playground file that we can use to
we're going to use to create our
collection and you just need to install
the package with Yar if you haven't done
it yet and what we're going to do is we
are going to create our contract or nft
collection
contract so let's call it digital art
collection and in order to make it as an
nft we are going to
import the LSP create
identifiable asset
contract and we are going to import it
from the loo SM contract
package which is uh
here so you have to specify
contract you have to
specify
SP
8 and we are going to
take this
one okay so we're going to take this one
and we are going to add it into the
inheritance and here we will uh write
the logic
code
here okay so as you can see here if you
try try to compile the contract uh and
if you run npm run build which is the
command for compiling you will get a a
first error from the sotic compiler
saying that we have no argument that
have been passed to the
Constructor um and the reason is that
ls8 expect uh to take uh arguments on
deployment so we're going to see in a
minute now these arguments so when you
deploy an lp8 an nft contract on you you
uh have to specify the following you
have to specify the name of the token so
in this sense the in this in the context
of this tutorial the name of a
collection the symbol um who owns the
nft uh contract who control this
contract uh so this address is basically
going to be the one that can uh set all
the metadata on the contract and in the
future if his Contra is to be own by uh
someone else uh for instance uh you the
whole uh whole man let's say in the real
world Contex context the whole
management of the of the collection is
uh is moved to like an organization or
another person then this is the the
address specified as the owner that will
be able to do
that and finally we will uh have to
define the type of uh nfts and token IDs
and we will see that in a second so it's
technically two ways in Sol here to
Define that we can either use predefined
deployment values uh so we hard code
that in the sity code or we can specify
the values in the Gs and TS JavaScript
or typescript so the first method is
useful when you know already what's
going to be the name of a collection um
so you don't have to write the code in
JavaScript and deploy like that you just
can hardcode everything into the
contract uh uh and it it's just going to
be easier it's going to be a bit cheaper
to deploy because the things are not the
arguments not do not need to be passed
and extracted from loal data uh and the
second method is good when you are
creating something more like a a
template temp a contract template that
can be reused to uh recreate nfts um uh
collection okay
so the to give an example in form of
code the method one is like that you
just specify an argument as literal
values inside the inheritance uh all the
second method is you define a
Constructor and you will write the uh
the arguments uh as parameter and then
you will specify the arguments in your
JavaScript code like this so this is an
example with eers and type chain for the
deploying uh the nft
collection so I'm going to just carry on
on uh the code here so in my case what
I'm going to do is that I going to do
method one I'm just going to um create
the uh I'm just going to write it down
because I kind of have an idea of what
kind of digital art collection I'm going
to create I'm going to create um a
collection of uh
3D um let's call it 3D artistic
Cube I'm just going to create basically
let's imagine we are creating different
cubes uh as digital art painting with
different shapes and colors and this
would be our nft collection so this is
the uh collection
name the symbol we are going to say
3D
cube so this is what will appear in the
block
Explorer uh under the name under the
address the owner is going to be the I'm
going to specify the address that will
deploy the
contract and then um and then we'll have
to specify as well the the token ID
type so for the owner you can uh
basically if you look at the contract
here if you
if you look at the
contract we can basically go
into let's look at factual contract
code so for owner here is basically the
address that you create the contract and
the fourth will be the token ID type
we're going to specify that in a minute
if you want what you can do is that you
can also if you know an address that
will deploy
the the the if you know the address that
will own if that you will own the N
collection so for instance you want to
use one address to deploy the contract
and one another address to specify as
who will have control over it um you can
just specify uh like this as a constant
uh both you can just say LS sp8
collection owner and here as an
example and I will just
say if
this and you can just specify
the um you can just basically specify
the address here yeah it's just going to
ask
me to check some the
address so you could have like the
put the address here to
specify so you just can basically do
that this will be the contract on this
okay now we need to look at uh this
parameter the token ID type so what is
it so basically when you specify when
you create an LP collection um you have
a parameter that you need to specify
which is the lsba token ID
type and the lsba token ID type is
basically what you're going to use to
define how the ID
identifier um of each nft will be
represented so with lp4 token type you
specify how the how you have to
interpret the assets inside the the
contract we have lspa token ID type this
is really for nfts this is for
specifying how you what you are what
which method you're going to use to uh
create the identifiers for each nfts
and so in the LSP standard we have five
way five ways to Define to to to do that
we can uh basic we I'm going to go
through the main uh 3 one here and uh
and then we will have another future
example for the the last
one so let's give first example we can
first use the token ID type zero which
is basically your unique number and you
can use that for things like you start
at token id1 and you increment as you
meant new nfts and a popular example
that exist outfir is basically the
crypto Punk collection the token IDs
started at one and then they got
incremented uh so and there is a there
has been 10,000 crypto Punk that got me
that got created and each crypto Punk
has the identifier 1 2 345 and that
increments as it
goes a second example example for token
type string is we can use the example
that we had uh and this is useful for
when you actually want to say the
identifier of the token ID is going to
be a whole name String um and to use a
example of digital art this is useful
this token ID type is useful for this
purpose because if you create a let's
say a digital art and you call one
painting um here exmo file
9853 um this is easier to identify the
the token ID like that and yeah and or
if you um let's say
um let's say you like if you create the
the digital jond you will you will
basically let's say you recreate the
digital version of popular uh painting
you can say uh you can name the token ID
the digital Jon like the famous painting
of DaVinci it's easier to identify the
digital piece of art by its name rather
by an identifier that doesn't properly
match so depending on the use case the
token ID type is easier is easier for uh
identify
NFD and so here in this case each
digital piece of art is uh represented
by its name
another use of the token type for
instance is the number two um which can
be used for like things like a really
unique and specific uh ID uh and let's
say for instance you have a physical
good in the real world that you want to
map on the blockchain with something
like an NFC chip or a QR code um search
Goode can have a serial number for
instance you can have a collection of
Rolex watches and they have all their
unique serial number and if you want to
map that onto the smart contract
collection for the Rolex collection uh
you can use this token ID type where
token ID is the serial number of the
item and we can import all these token
in solidity as follow uh they have they
are defined in the LSP smart
contract and you and in our case we are
going to to use the tokened type number
so let's carry on into our playground we
just going to um so I had put a zero
just for uh Sting the compiler warning
um so we just going
to
specify we're just going to import that
so we're going to saycore
lp8 token ID
type number I'm going to use the more
simple
one and I'm going to
do LSP smart
contract
contract in
here I'm going to go here
again and I'm going to specify LP
constant. so and I will pass this
argument
here or in the case of a painting we
could say string because it's more
appropriate with what we were using
before okay so now that we have uh we
have um created our first basis for nft
contract uh there is we have a still one
problem is that uh we have no public
method for
minting uh new
nfts so we need uh and the reason is
that the lspa contract by itself doesn't
have this because uh because
every uh every contract Creator will
Define its own way to Mint and create
new nfts so we have two method it's
either we create our own function uh to
create our own nft Supply or we
basically
um how we um uh use our
preset so the first method will be to
create your own function in this case uh
we will call it uh let's say create new
Cube
and and so we call it let's say create
new Cube uh create new Cube and we say
Cube name address
recipient and we will have our public
method we make it only the owner so that
only the contract owner can create a
cube and then we need to
define the token
ID and we basically have to
pass so we need
to pass the name of the cube as B so the
token ID are B 32 so we need to pass the
token ID as B B and then we need
to pass the the byes as a B
for so we have our token ID and then we
can pull the internal mean function and
as you can see it's going to take the
recipient of the ID of the token ID the
forse parameter and the the data so the
recipient we have it
in
in the in the function parameter then
we're going to specify true and then the
data and then the data sorry we going
just specify no data this is basically
any extra data that we want to send uh
when we notify the recipient that we
have created a new n that here hased a
new uh nftd
and yeah so here I will not put anything
and the true the force here the true
parameter is basically uh parameter
called Force this is for enforcing this
is for U basically ensuring if forcing
if we are transferring an nft to an
address uh that cannot handle the nft or
not so in in the Lu
ecosystem
basically the recipient have to be smart
contract uh of tokens have to be smart
contract that implement the lsp1
standard the lsp1 universal receiver
standard and this is to ensure that they
can handle and register uh and and
register these uh
tokens so if you specify by default it's
uh if you specify false if you are
sending the minting or transferring the
nft to an externally own account or a
smart contract that doesn't implement
lsp1 this will fail in this case we're
just going to put two um to uh just uh
mean for anyone uh a universal profile
uh contract and implement lp1 or uh any
smart contract or any EA so one syntax
that I like to write in general it's
it's basically um it's basically writing
the name parameter so that it's very
it's very clear what uh everything uh
mean mean and you can do that in
solidity uh um as follow you can
just you can just
basically
take each of this
parameter yeah and you B yeah this is
BAS basically the name parameter way to
uh to call an a function so this is
clear what each parameter uh means
here but in our case we're not going to
even we are not going to uh we are not
really going to uh do that we just going
to um we can just create just going to
create a public function called we in
okay yeah we so this is the first me
method and the second method is you can
use a preset contract that we have which
is called LSB
minable and you can narrate it
here and when you have uh so I would
just comment out this method and when
you use this pH inable what happen and
is
basic is basically the following you
have a public uh method added into the
API that you can call to uh to create
your uh NF collection so if you if we
look here if we look for mint we'll see
we have a public Min function here in
the AI uh that take all these parameters
um I take all of these parameters it
takes the token
ID Yeah so basically we created here two
ways
to create
nfts so now that we have created the nft
we can what we can do is that we can
specify uh the metadata R for each nft
and the most simple way um is to um
basically have all the metadata of each
nft the links and that result in the
contract and you can do this by setting
the base
URI uh
the Bas Ur and this data key and then to
get the metadata each nft you then
append you take extract this Bas and you
append the token
ID and uh what this parameter takes is
basically the it's the hash function uh
it's for
verifiability and this is the base um
and this is the constant uh for
varability and this is the base U uh
that you will
use an example of how we can use it for
this is for both apes basically both
apes for metadata they all have the same
base U and the metadata never change so
you just they just all have base URI and
there is the token ID appended at the
end yeah so if we look carefully here
basically we uh this is the example in
JavaScript where we do that and yeah as
I say the under the LSP token metad
database U we have a tole that we had
defined here and the first value is the
first for bite of a hash of a word K 256
parenthesis with utf8 in
parenthesis is the has of uh that and
this is used for uh verifiability
between ensure that when we create the
Json the URL to the metadata it's
verifiable and um and then we have the
base URI appended at the
end okay the fourth example is for
dynamic nfts nfts that can change their
traits and attributes over
time um so in this case the combination
that we will use is s sp8 uh plus the
number three for the token type meaning
we are going to create a
collection and so when we do that each
token ID here is uh an nft F can be its
own smart contract uh and for example
contract an ERC 75y smart contract and
it can have an infinite amount of
entries as data keys to specify specific
attributes this is very useful if you
want to uh create an energ collection
where um the attribute of nfg can change
so you can create basically
digital items or entities as nft that
can evolve um and this is useful for
things like uh nft that you want to make
customizable um so
the the basically the user owns an nft
that is specific to him but it can also
even customize it or things like some
use case are like characters in a video
game but that can evolve as the
character by equipment or weapons um so
for instance um an example from this is
an example from famous video game
Assassin's Creed where the character can
uh upgrade and downgrade and change his
equipment like his helmet his weapon his
uniform and you can technically store
all of these under the e75 wi storage of
a contract of that represent the
nftd so to do that what we do is that we
uh still we we inherit LSP 8 and we uh
and we use the token ID type address and
we will set the token type data key to
uh
collection and the so this is the whole
collection that contain all the the each
nft identifier and this is the contract
that will be for uh the actual uh nft
itself with the metadata that it
contains and this contract basically uh
here specify the owner of nft and the
collection that it belongs to and this
collection can be specified under the
LSP reference contract data key so this
way you can uh Point backwards to uh
when you quer this nft as a smart
contract you can know from which
collection it it it it comes from you
can go from both ways you can basically
um um check uh under this
contract who owns Which nft and the
token ID will be at the address of this
contract and in this contract the value
stored under the lsph reference contract
will be the address uh that uh this
contract belongs
to okay and the final example which is
the most complex of all of them is that
you can use LS sp8 and lp7 uh in
multiple combination to create a
collection of
subcollections so this is a very
Advanced use case so this the standard
will be still LS sp8 and the token type
uh will be still free as a collection
and in this case the LSP contract is
actually a whole collection uh it's
really uh it can it it it's it's it list
all the uh all the sub collection that
it contains and each token ID is
actually another smart contract that
it's an lp7 contract that is still non
divisible and this represent uh one part
of a sub
collection and um very
um um a very uh a good example which is
quite uh common to anyone in the crystal
space is to create the famous sticker
that we all collect when we go to uh
crypto events but in a digital form so
if you go to a crypto event you will see
that that any Booth everyone uh has a
whole set of stickers and there is
different design for each stickers but
there is multiple of them and at luo the
sticker where they very popular are the
loo Goods sticker the loo super good and
the one the in whole silver so basically
each what happens here is that
this is the whole lp8 contract and LSP
and each Contra each of the stickers is
actually an LSP 7 contract with a
certain number of digital sticker that
exist so this is will be one lp7
contract this will be another one and
this will be another one and there will
be a limited number of each sticker so
I've represented with a different
example here where you have the nft
contract lp8 that contained all the list
of stickers digital stickers created so
this is these all these digital stickers
are basically nfts so this is the whole
collection and the token ID type is
addressed because each sticker is a
smart contract it's an LSP 7 so the
token ID uh 416 a4f it's basically the
address of np7 contract that has the
silver dog uh sticker and and you have
that for each uh each basically sticker
and in this way you can create things
like a collection of subcollections
where each subcollection has a limited
number of item available um so for
instance in this case the the the
stickered silver shiny dog
has there is a lot of quantity available
and the the the the second one here is a
bit less common while the last one the
six ice cat it's very rare there's only
5,000 digital stickers ever created and
still each of these uh tokens are
non-divisible so you can use this uh
approach also to create a collection
with a sub collection inside them that
have with where each item have is more
scar than
others and yeah this is basically how
you can uh compose the different LSP
standards to create different type of
nftd collection as you want and the
example here will be that uh and the
form of code snippet uh that will be the
following you have um it's more it's
better
viewed in the in vs code where you
have
here you have the whole LF nft
collection so this is the LSP
contract when you deploy it you have you
specify the lp4 token type and you can
technically uh visit this is a sort
example where you create a new sticker
you you uh specify the name and the
sybol of a stinker of a of a digital
sticker and you say how many sticker you
are going to create so reusing for
example if you are going to create
100,000 or 20,000 or
5,000 um and you define a price for
people who want to buy the the the
sticker and you just create a new
contract and once the contract has been
created you uh get back his uh uh
address here and you um you basically uh
then uh create the sticker ID the token
ID and under the uh under this contract
you are just going to um basically set
the token ID and then you will uh you
will min the the token ID for the
stickers so this sticker will then
belong to this other collector ction and
when you are uh basically
here creating the sticker you are what's
happening is that you are just
specifying the the type of uh
sticker um and yeah and and here uh it's
actually not collection it's
ft and here in this case you just
minting the total amount um that uh that
exist and yeah that's about it that's
how you can use the different LSPs in
combination to uh create uh different
type of nft collection I hope you enjoy
the video and thank you

  

<file>  
## path: /.env.example  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/.env.example  

~~~  
PRIVATE_KEY=  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.nvmrc  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/.nvmrc  

~~~  
16.20  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.prettierrc  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/.prettierrc  

~~~  
{
  "plugins": ["prettier-plugin-solidity"],
  "overrides": [
    {
      "files": ["*.js", "*.ts"],
      "options": {
        "tabWidth": 2,
        "printWidth": 100,
        "trailingComma": "all",
        "singleQuote": true,
        "semi": true
      }
    },
    {
      "files": "*.sol",
      "options": {
        "tabWidth": 4,
        "printWidth": 80,
        "compiler": "0.8.15"
      }
    }
  ]
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.tool-versions  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/.tool-versions  

~~~  
nodejs 16.20.2  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /README.md  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/README.md  

# LUKSO Hardhat Template

This project demonstrates how to use LSP7 or LSP8 to create a basic NFT collection on LUKSO using the [`@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts`](https://github.com/lukso-network/universalprofile-smart-contracts);

It uses:

- Hardhat v2.18.2
- Ethers v6
- Artifacts generated by Typechain

## Setup

Make sure you are using node js v16.20. You can set this up with [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).

```shell
nvm install 16.20
nvm use 16.20
```

## Installation

```shell
git clone https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template.git
cd LUKSO-Hardhat-Template
yarn
```
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Example 1/EventTicketsNFT.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Example 1/EventTicketsNFT.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// modules
import {
    LSP7Mintable
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/presets/LSP7Mintable.sol";

import {_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, TokenType} from "../TokenTypes.sol";

contract EventTicketsNFT is LSP7Mintable {
    constructor(
        string memory eventName,
        string memory tokenSymbol,
        address contractOwner
    )
        LSP7Mintable(
            eventName,
            tokenSymbol,
            contractOwner,
            true // make the token non divisible
        )
    {
        // set the token type
        _setData(_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, abi.encode(TokenType.TOKEN));
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Example 2/DigitalTradingCards.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Example 2/DigitalTradingCards.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// modules
import {
    LSP7Mintable
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/presets/LSP7Mintable.sol";

import {_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, TokenType} from "../TokenTypes.sol";

contract DigitalTradingCards is
    LSP7Mintable(
        "Digital Trading Card",
        "DTC",
        msg.sender,
        true // cards are non divisible (you cannot tear a card in 2 and give me half)
    )
{
    constructor() {
        // set the token type
        _setData(_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, abi.encode(TokenType.NFT));
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Example 3/BasicNFTCollection.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Example 3/BasicNFTCollection.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// modules
import {
    LSP8Mintable
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/presets/LSP8Mintable.sol";

// constants
import {
    _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_NUMBER
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/LSP8Constants.sol";
import {_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, TokenType} from "../TokenTypes.sol";

contract BasicNFTCollection is LSP8Mintable {
    constructor(
        string memory nftCollectionName,
        string memory nftCollectionSymbol,
        address contractOwner
    )
        LSP8Mintable(
            nftCollectionName,
            nftCollectionSymbol,
            contractOwner,
            _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_NUMBER
        )
    {
        // set token type
        _setData(_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, abi.encode(TokenType.COLLECTION));
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Example 4/DynamicNFTCollection.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Example 4/DynamicNFTCollection.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// modules
import {
    LSP8Mintable
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/presets/LSP8Mintable.sol";

// constants
import {
    _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_ADDRESS
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/LSP8Constants.sol";

import {_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, TokenType} from "../TokenTypes.sol";

contract DynamicNFTCollection is LSP8Mintable {
    constructor(
        string memory dynamicNFTCollectionName,
        string memory dynamicNFTCollectionSymbol,
        address contractOwner
    )
        LSP8Mintable(
            dynamicNFTCollectionName,
            dynamicNFTCollectionSymbol,
            contractOwner,
            _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_ADDRESS
        )
    {
        // Set the type of the token
        _setData(_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, abi.encode(TokenType.COLLECTION));
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Example 4/DynamicNFTMetadataContract.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Example 4/DynamicNFTMetadataContract.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// modules
import {ERC725Y} from "@erc725/smart-contracts/contracts/ERC725Y.sol";

contract DynamicNFT is ERC725Y {

    bytes32 constant _LSP8_REFERENCE_CONTRACT = 0x708e7b881795f2e6b6c2752108c177ec89248458de3bf69d0d43480b3e5034e6;

    constructor(address nftOwner, address nftCollection) ERC725Y(nftOwner) {
        /**
         * @dev set the reference to the NFT collection that this metadata contract belongs to
         *
         * {
         *     "name": "LSP8ReferenceContract",
         *     "key": "0x708e7b881795f2e6b6c2752108c177ec89248458de3bf69d0d43480b3e5034e6",
         *     "keyType": "Singleton",
         *     "valueType": "(address,bytes32)",
         *     "valueContent": "(Address,bytes32)"
         * }
         */
        _setData(_LSP8_REFERENCE_CONTRACT, abi.encodePacked(nftCollection, bytes32(bytes20(address(this)))));
    }
}  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Example 5/LSP7DigitalStickers.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Example 5/LSP7DigitalStickers.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

import {
    LSP7DigitalAsset
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/LSP7DigitalAsset.sol";
import {
    LSP7Burnable
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/extensions/LSP7Burnable.sol";

import {_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, TokenType} from "../TokenTypes.sol";

contract LSP7DigitalStickers is LSP7DigitalAsset, LSP7Burnable {
    constructor(
        string memory stickerName,
        string memory stickerSymbol,
        address contractOwner,
        uint256 totalNumberOfStickersInCirculation
    ) LSP7DigitalAsset(stickerName, stickerSymbol, contractOwner, true) {
        // Set the type of the token
        _setData(_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, abi.encode(TokenType.NFT));

        // mint the total number of stickers that the LSP8 Collection owns
        _mint({
            to: msg.sender,
            amount: totalNumberOfStickersInCirculation,
            force: true,
            data: abi.encodePacked(
                "creating ",
                totalNumberOfStickersInCirculation,
                " new stickers for this collection!"
            )
        });
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Example 5/LSP8DigitalStickersCollection.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Example 5/LSP8DigitalStickersCollection.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// modules
import {
    LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset.sol";
import {LSP7DigitalStickers} from "./LSP7DigitalStickers.sol";

// constants
import {
    _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_ADDRESS
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/LSP8Constants.sol";

import {_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, TokenType} from "../TokenTypes.sol";

/**
 * @dev Pseudo code example, LSP8 collection of digital stickers, where each sticker is a LSP7 contract with a limited supply available.
 * This contract is for testing and tutorial purpose.
 */
contract LSP8DigitalStickersCollection is
    LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset(
        "Example Digital Stickers Collection",
        "EDSC",
        msg.sender,
        _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_ADDRESS
    )
{
    constructor() {
        // Set the type of the token
        _setData(_LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY, abi.encode(TokenType.COLLECTION));
    }

    // Constants ---

    bytes32 internal constant _LSP8_REFERENCE_CONTRACT_DATA_KEY =
        0x708e7b881795f2e6b6c2752108c177ec89248458de3bf69d0d43480b3e5034e6;

    bytes32 internal constant _STICKER_PRICE_DATA_KEY =
        keccak256("Price Per Sticker");

    // Errors ---

    error FailedDeployingLSP7StickerContract(string stickerName);

    function createNewStickerCollection(
        string calldata stickerName,
        string calldata stickerSymbol,
        uint256 numberOfStickers,
        uint256 pricePerSticker // in wei
    ) external onlyOwner {
        try
            new LSP7DigitalStickers(
                stickerName,
                stickerSymbol,
                address(this),
                numberOfStickers
            )
        returns (LSP7DigitalStickers newSticker) {
            // example:
            // newSticker (contract address)= 0x9760e8347D5E8f9042726E3B4DdE9Ae787476101

            // NFT tokenId will be 0x0000000000000000000000009760e8347D5E8f9042726E3B4DdE9Ae787476101
            bytes32 stickerId = bytes32(abi.encode(address(newSticker)));

            bytes32[] memory dataKeysToSet = new bytes32[](2);
            bytes[] memory dataValuesToSet = new bytes[](2);

            // Set Data Key "LSP8ReferenceContract",
            dataKeysToSet[0] = _LSP8_REFERENCE_CONTRACT_DATA_KEY;
            dataValuesToSet[0] = abi.encodePacked(address(this), stickerId); // "valueType": "(address,bytes32)"

            // Set Data Key specific to the price per sticker
            dataKeysToSet[1] = _STICKER_PRICE_DATA_KEY;
            dataValuesToSet[1] = abi.encode(pricePerSticker);

            newSticker.setDataBatch(dataKeysToSet, dataValuesToSet);

            // need to pass &nbsp;force = true&nbsp; as will attempt to notify &nbsp;universalReceiver&nbsp; function of this contract
            // which does not implement LSP1
            _mint({
                to: address(this),
                tokenId: stickerId,
                force: true,
                data: ""
            });
        } catch (bytes memory) {
            revert FailedDeployingLSP7StickerContract(stickerName);
        }
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/Playground.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/Playground.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// modules
import {
    LSP8Mintable
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/presets/LSP8Mintable.sol";

// constants
import {
    _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_STRING
} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset/LSP8Constants.sol";

// put the address to specify the owner of the LSP8 collection and use a different deployer address
address constant _LSP8_COLLECTION_OWNER = 0xCAfEcAfeCAfECaFeCaFecaFecaFECafECafeCaFe;

contract DigitalArtCollection is
    LSP8Mintable(
        "3D Artistic Cubes", // collection name
        "3DCuB", // symbol
        _LSP8_COLLECTION_OWNER, // contract owner
        _LSP8_TOKENID_TYPE_STRING
    )
{
    function createNewCube(
        string memory cubeName,
        address recipient
    ) public onlyOwner {
        bytes32 tokenId = bytes32(bytes(cubeName));
        _mint({to: recipient, tokenId: tokenId, force: true, data: ""});
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/TokenTypes.sol  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/contracts/TokenTypes.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

bytes32 constant _LSP4_TOKEN_TYPE_DATA_KEY = 0xe0261fa95db2eb3b5439bd033cda66d56b96f92f243a8228fd87550ed7bdfdb3;

enum TokenType {
    TOKEN,
    NFT,
    COLLECTION
}  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /hardhat.config.ts  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/hardhat.config.ts  

~~~  
import { HardhatUserConfig } from 'hardhat/config';
import { NetworkUserConfig } from 'hardhat/types';
import '@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox';

import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
dotenv.config();

function getTestnetChainConfig(): NetworkUserConfig {
  const config: NetworkUserConfig = {
    url: 'https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network',
    chainId: 4201,
  };

  if (process.env.PRIVATE_KEY !== undefined) {
    config['accounts'] = [process.env.PRIVATE_KEY];
  }

  return config;
}

const config: HardhatUserConfig = {
  solidity: {
    version: '0.8.19',
    settings: {
      optimizer: {
        enabled: true,
        runs: 200,
      },
    },
  },
  typechain: {
    outDir: 'typechain-types',
    target: 'ethers-v6',
  },
  networks: {
    luksoTestnet: getTestnetChainConfig(),
  },
};

export default config;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /package.json  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/package.json  

~~~  
{
    "name": "LUKSO-Hardhat-Template",
    "description": "Example repo for Hackathon to build a NFT collection using LSP7 or LSP8",
    "scripts": {
        "clean": "hardhat clean",
        "build": "hardhat compile"
    },
    "devDependencies": {
        "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-chai-matchers": "^2.0.0",
        "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers": "^3.0.0",
        "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-network-helpers": "^1.0.0",
        "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox": "^3.0.0",
        "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-verify": "^1.0.0",
        "@typechain/ethers-v6": "^0.4.0",
        "@typechain/hardhat": "^8.0.0",
        "@types/chai": "^4.2.0",
        "@types/mocha": ">=9.1.0",
        "@types/node": ">=16.0.0",
        "chai": "^4.2.0",
        "dotenv": "^16.3.1",
        "ethers": "^6.4.0",
        "hardhat": "^2.18.2",
        "hardhat-gas-reporter": "^1.0.8",
        "prettier-plugin-solidity": "^1.1.3",
        "solidity-coverage": "^0.8.0",
        "ts-node": ">=8.0.0",
        "typechain": "^8.1.0",
        "typescript": ">=4.5.0"
    },
    "dependencies": {
        "@erc725/smart-contracts": "^6.0.0",
        "@lukso/lsp-factory.js": "^3.1.1",
        "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts": "^0.12.0-rc.0"
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/DeployAndSetLSP8MetadataBaseURI.ts  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/scripts/DeployAndSetLSP8MetadataBaseURI.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from "hardhat";

import {BasicNFTCollection, BasicNFTCollection__factory} from "../typechain-types";

const LSP8TokenMetadataBaseURI =
  '0x1a7628600c3bac7101f53697f48df381ddc36b9015e7d7c9c5633d1252aa2843';

async function deployAndSetLSP8MetadataBaseURI() {
    const accounts = await ethers.getSigners();
    const deployer = accounts[0];

    const boredApesCollection: BasicNFTCollection = await new BasicNFTCollection__factory(
        deployer,
      ).deploy('BoredApeYachtClub', 'BAYC', deployer.address);
  
      await boredApesCollection.setData(
        LSP8TokenMetadataBaseURI,
        ethers.concat(
            // &nbsp;0x6f357c6a&nbsp; represents the hash function identifier,
            // the first 4 bytes of keccak256('keccak256(utf8)')
            // to be used to ensure that the metadata of the NFT is set in stone and cannot be changed 
            // (for verifiability purpose)
            ["0x6f357c6a", ethers.toUtf8Bytes('ipfs://your-base-uri-on-ipf-goes-here/')]
        )
      );
}

deployAndSetLSP8MetadataBaseURI().catch((error) => {
    console.error(error);
    process.exitCode = 1;
  });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/deploy.ts  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/scripts/deploy.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from "hardhat";

import {BasicNFTCollection, BasicNFTCollection__factory} from "../typechain-types";

async function deployLSP8Collection() {
  const accounts = await ethers.getSigners();
  const deployer = accounts[0];

  const nftCollection: BasicNFTCollection = await new BasicNFTCollection__factory(deployer).deploy(
    "NFT Collection Name", // collection name
    "NFT", // collection symbol
    deployer.address
  );

}

deployLSP8Collection().catch((error) => {
  console.error(error);
  process.exitCode = 1;
});
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/mintTickets.ts  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/scripts/mintTickets.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from "hardhat";

import {
    EventTicketsNFT,
    EventTicketsNFT__factory
} from "../typechain-types";

async function deployAndCreateTickets() {
    const accounts = await ethers.getSigners();
    const deployer = accounts[0];

    const luksoMeetupTickets: EventTicketsNFT = await new EventTicketsNFT__factory(
        deployer
    ).deploy(
        "LUKSO Meetup #2",
        "MUP2",
        deployer.address,
    )

    // create 100 entry tickets.
    // Give them to the deployer initially, who will distribute them afterwards.
    await luksoMeetupTickets.mint(
        deployer.address, // recipient
        100, // amount
        true, // force sending to an EOA
        "minting 100 tickets" // data
    );
}

deployAndCreateTickets().catch((error) => {
    console.error(error);
    process.exitCode = 1;
  });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/setDigitalStickerMetadata.ts  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/scripts/setDigitalStickerMetadata.ts  

~~~  
import { LSPFactory } from '@lukso/lsp-factory.js';
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';

import * as dotenv from "dotenv"
dotenv.config()

const provider = 'https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network';

const lspFactory = new LSPFactory(provider, {
  deployKey: process.env.PRIVATE_KEY, // Private key of the account which will deploy smart contracts
  chainId: 4201,
});

async function setStickerMetadata() {
    const accounts = await ethers.getSigners()
    const signer = accounts[0]

    console.log(process.env.PRIVATE_KEY)
    console.log(signer)
}

setStickerMetadata().catch((error) => {
    console.error(error);
    process.exitCode = 1;
  });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /test/NFTCollection.ts  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/test/NFTCollection.ts  

~~~  
import { time, loadFixture } from '@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox/network-helpers';
import { anyValue } from '@nomicfoundation/hardhat-chai-matchers/withArgs';
import { expect } from 'chai';
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';

import { BasicNFTCollection, BasicNFTCollection__factory } from '../typechain-types';

const LSP8MetadataTokenURI = '0x1339e76a390b7b9ec9010000';
const LSP8ReferenceContract = '0x708e7b881795f2e6b6c2752108c177ec89248458de3bf69d0d43480b3e5034e6';
const LSP8TokenMetadataBaseURI =
  '0x1a7628600c3bac7101f53697f48df381ddc36b9015e7d7c9c5633d1252aa2843';

describe('BoredApes Collection', () => {
  it('test', async () => {
    const accounts = await ethers.getSigners();
    const deployer = accounts[0];

    const boredApesCollection: BasicNFTCollection = await new BasicNFTCollection__factory(
      deployer,
    ).deploy('BoredApeYachtClub', 'BAYC', deployer.address);

    await boredApesCollection.setData(
      LSP8TokenMetadataBaseURI,
      ethers.toUtf8Bytes('ipfs://your-base-uri-on-ipf-goes-here/'),
    );

    expect(await boredApesCollection.getData(LSP8TokenMetadataBaseURI)).to.equal(
      ethers.toUtf8Bytes('ipfs://your-base-uri-on-ipf-goes-here/'),
    );
  });
});
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /tsconfig.json  
url: https://github.com/CJ42/LUKSO-Hardhat-template/blob/main/tsconfig.json  

~~~  
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "target": "es2020",
    "module": "commonjs",
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
    "strict": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "resolveJsonModule": true
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  
</repository>  


<repository>  
# Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions  
## overview  
repository: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/  
userName: YamenMerhi  
repository: Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions  
branch: main  
date: 2023-11-27T10:16:38+01:00 (1701076598)  
description:
hello everyone it's y from the tech team
in this video we're going to learn how
to extend the functionalities of a
universal profile using LSP 17 contract
extension standard so before going into
the LSP 17 let's start with the
universal
profile a universal profile is an lsp0
ERC 725 account and when we go to the
spec we see that it's a nonbi smart
contract account which mean it have
basic functionalities like executing
setting data Val dating signature
ownership management being notified
about different actions and reacting on
it and a unified way to interact with
the
contract so here we can see most of the
essential functionality of a universal
profile and once it's deployed we will
just have these native function so
imagine someone wants to add a specific
function to the universal profile after
it has been deployed should he create a
new Universal profile with this
functionality obviously not because your
Universal profile will hold your
reputation which you cannot migrate to a
new one because whenever you deploy a
new account the address will change and
you'll need to migrate your data and
your tokens which is not an easy thing
to do whenever you want to add a new
functionality to the universal profile
so what's the
solution the solution is LSP 17 contract
extension which is a standard that the
universal profile adopt that will allow
for the contract to receive function
calls of function that does not exist
natively in the contract and forward it
to an extension where it actually exists
passing the relevant information in this
way even after deployment smart
contracts will have the ability to
support new
functionalities so here for the
universal profile we can see that we can
add extension and why is this useful and
needed is because for example this
profile will be deployed at a certain
stage in time but even after deployment
the process of standardization in the
ecosystem will continue so other
standard will get adopted in the future
and the profile might need to support
them similar to what's happening now
with EIP 4337 where in order to be
compatible with the standard you'll need
to have a function called validate user
op which you can see on the screen that
we can add as an extension and also some
token require a specific function that
return abides for Value in order to make
a safe transfer successful like erc721
and
1155 which anyone can decide to support
by adding the relevant extension so LSP
17 not just ensure the ability to extend
the profile with new function and
interface IDs but also emphasize on the
point that a universal profile is a
non-biased account where only essential
feature are within the account and
everything else can be added as an
extension so we're going to see a demo
on how to add the extension to the
universal profile and what you can do
with
them so I created a hard hat project and
you could easily do that by doing npmi
hard hat and then you'll install hard
hat and after this you would need to
initiate the project so you do npx
hardhead in it um I created a hardhead
project using typescript but feel free
to do it with JavaScript if you're more
comfortable with it so you'll get a hard
hat project and then you would have some
templates in contract scripts uh but
this is the main template that we're
going to use and then we're expand from
this uh and at the end of the video you
can go to the this GitHub repo where
you'll find all of the final code so the
package that I'm using are prettier hard
hat. EnV so you just install EnV uh to
put the environment variables uh also
we're using the LSP smart contract
package so you would also need to
download it in this way because we need
to extract some constant and uh we're
going to use some contracts uh so You'
put that into the EnV so I created a
sample file for the EnV so we'll need
the private key of the browser extension
controller there will be other tutorials
that show how to extract that from the
browser extension and we would need the
universal profile address and obviously
you would put that into the EnV I will
not show you this because it contain my
private key so we have this main setup
I'm going to explain it so we import
ethers we load the environment variables
we import this Universal profile ABI
from the LSP smart contract package and
then we connect our code to the loxo
testnet we initiate the signer which is
the browser extension controller and we
create an instance of the universal
profile using the address that we
imported from the environment
variable and the universal profile AI so
we can interact with a function of the
universal profile and the provider which
is where the universal profile actually
exists which is on the test n
uh so I'm going to run this script so
you can see
the so you can see my I can see the
address of my browser extension
controller and the universal profile and
then we're going to start so we're going
to start by calling a function that does
not exist on the universal profile and
I'm going to take this main
setup and I'm going to put it here and
because we're going to call a function
that does not exist we going to create a
new API so let's say the function that
does not exist is called buy me a
Coffey so this is the function and now
we're going
to update the universal profile with the
new AI which is this one and we're going
to try to call it and we're going to see
what's going to happen so we connect to
the signer so the browser extension
controller will be executing this
transaction and then we're going to try
to call the
function and let's see what
happened so it's going to revert so
execution reverted unknown custom error
and if we take
the the signature and we put it into the
bytes for dictionary
so we just do this and then we extract
all of this thing take the first four
bites we're going to see that this
custom error is for no extension F found
for function selector so this means that
this function which is buy me a coffee
does not exist natively on the up and
also there is no extension for it so
what we're going to do is that we're
going to go create a new contract we
call this contract coffee maker and
we're going to put this function here
and then at the end we're going to add
this contract as an extension for the
universal profile so here we inherited
the LSP 17 extension contract because it
provides some utility functions that
we're going to see so we have extendable
message data extendable message. sender
and extendable message Dov
value so I create uh I explained this
before but what's happening is that a
person uh or an address is calling the
universal profile with this function and
then the universal profile is calling
the contract that will be added as an
extension so that mean the message.
sender of the universal profile is the
actual person calling but the message.
sender of the extension will be the
universal profile so if we're going to
do some validation based on like who who
called the extension we cannot do
message. sender because in this case it
will be the universal profile address so
because we're uh appending data to the
extensions we can access that with the
extendable message sender so that mean
this is the person who actually called
the universal profile with the function
selector and we can also get access to
the extendable message.
value so we can see it here extendable
message. Val which is how much this
person have sent while calling this
function
and the universal profile will obviously
communicate this information to the
extension and if you go to the
specification of the LSP Z you will see
how you can um do some configuration in
order to make the value forwarded to the
actual extension but in our case we'll
just uh see how it's communicated so
we're going to proceed with adding the
function that we agreed on its name
which is buy me a
coffee so we're going to create a public
function and we're not going to do
anything uh complex we're just going to
create a public variable called coffee
revenue and this coffee
Revenue will be increased each
time send us value so we're going to say
that the coffein coffee Revenue
will increase each time someone send
value to the universal profile so in
case it's uh deployed on the uh Luxo
Network it will be licks how much licks
you're sending so we're going to deploy
this it's super simple so obviously if
we run the script again it will still
fail because we just coded the solidity
part and we didn't deploy it or add it
as an extension yet so what we're going
to do is that we're going to do npx
hardat compile
and
then we're going to add the function
that does not exist so we're going to
take the main
setup put it here and now we would need
several stuff so first we need to
deploy the coffee
maker so we're going to take the factory
from the type chain and then
we're going to say that this is the
coffee
maker we're going to attach the signer
just going to deploy
it and here we can just
log the
address of the copy
extension Target so there's the
difference between
uh ether's V6 and V5 so if you're using
V5 it will be here do address instead of
do Target but I'm using the latest
version so we can deploy it but at the
same time let's add um let's add it as
an extension so what we're going to do
is that if we go here we can probably
take the function
signature of the function which is this
one buy me a coffee
but we're not going to take it from here
what we're going to do is through the
code we're going to say
that by
me coffee selector is equal to ethers
then we're going to use the ID method
we're going to say we're going to copy
the function
name so we get that
correctly and then this will result in a
32 by hash so we're just going to
take the first 10 characters which mean
it's ox and then four bytes which is the
function
selector um after this we're going to
construct the data key of adding uh the
extension so we're going to
use the ERC 725 data key which are
provided by the package so you can
import that from the package and here
you can use some utility libraries like
R c725 JS to construct the data and
fetch them from the contract but I will
try to do it without them to to also
emphasize that if it's a simple thing
you can do it without the uh library but
if you're if you have many fetching and
constructing it is recommended to use
ERC 725 GS or the utilities of the LSP
smart contract so I'm going to construct
the data key um by
saying constructed data key equal so
first we take the ERC 75y data key which
is the LSP 17 and we take the prefix so
the prefix will be 12 bytes which which
are defined in the standard and now we
need to take this uh 4 byte selector and
Pad it so we're going to use ethers
do0 pad bytes this one and then we're
going to take the selector
and we're going to pad this by 20 bytes
because it's 12 and we want to make it
as 32 by data key and then at the end
we're just going to remove the ZX from
the
front so this is the constructed data
key and now what we're going to do is
that we're going to set this data key
with the address of the extension so
what we're saying is that whenever the
universal profile is called with this
function selector call the extension
which we deployed here so this is what
we're going to do we're going to set
data on the universal profile using the
signer and here it's important to note
that um the signer which is the browser
extension should have all the permission
needed here the permission needed are
ADD extension which if you want to
modify you'll need edit extension but
make sure that uh your Universal profile
browser extension controller have the
ADD extension uh permission there's
other tutorials that show how to detect
this and how to add it in case you don't
have it so we're going to call set data
and then this is the construct data key
and the data value would be the coffee
maker address which we can access by
doing
this and then we would need to wait
uh is mind so now we're adding function
that does not exist let's see if we made
some mistake hopefully we didn't okay we
can take so we can see that it's
deployed and we can take the address so
we can use it later and we can put it
here so this is the address of the
coffee maker extension so everything
went through and now if we try to call
the function that does not exist second
time hopefully it will go
through npx hard but we need to make
sure of the requirement of the function
if you had some requirements here you
need to make sure these are fulfilled so
here we can modify it to say require
that um the extendable message do value
is more than five in this way you're
requiring that anyone who wants to buy
you a coffee that he send you more than
five way or like you can put it whatever
value you want so we're going to call
the function
again so we're going to try to call the
function after adding it as an
extension and we're going to see that
this time it didn't trovert
actually so this time we're calling it
and what we're doing is that we're
saying the extendable message do value
is incremented with how much value we
send so here we didn't send we didn't
send any value so I'm going to try to
say I'm going to
send um so let's let's see the default
okay let's take the main setup and check
the
extension so this is the address of the
extension so here we're
saying the ABI we don't need to use the
universal profile Abi I'm going to say
the ABI
is
function coffee
Revenue then it returns a un to 56 let's
make sure it's correct
yep and then we're going to instantiate
the
extension with this
address
and with this
Ai and with this provider so we don't
need to use these ones and now what
we're going to do is that we're just
going to call the extension with
the this signer and which function we're
going to call is the
coffee Revenue do static call so here
we're going to do a static
call
and so we're going to put the result and
then we're going to
log the result hopefully it will go
through so now what we're doing is that
we're checking the extension if there's
some
changes it's checking the
extension so here it showed zero because
actually when we called the extension
here we didn't forward any value and
let's see now if we forward some value
if it will work or not so I'm going to
send seven way here we didn't put any
restrictions so we can send as much as
we want so I'm going to
send 7 way and I'm going to do calling a
function that does not
exist and we can see it takes some time
so it can get mined on the
blockchain okay let's check now if the
revenue went
up let's do check extension hopefully we
can see yeah you can see that it went
from zero to 7 which is actually the
number that we sent so this can show you
that you can even control in the
extension the value that can be sent to
your Universal profile while calling a
function that does not exist so this
give you a big amount of flexibility so
the last thing we're going to do uh is
that we're going to try to also extend
the universal profile with other
interface ID so the whole point of
extending with function is to add new
functionalities to the universal profile
but what usually websites do is that
they check an interface ID for the
universal profile profile if it's
supported so they can start preparing to
call a function so if you go to the
universal profile now you can see that
it support ERC 75x and ERC 725 Y and
what websites do is before doing any
transaction they check if if it support
this interface ID and if it doesn't
support it it just don't do the call so
now we're going to create a new contract
and let's call this contract
supports
interface and
then just name this we don't need
actually now the extension just for
Simplicity I would do
function support
interface it will take a byes
for
then public and it will return aoan
whether this interface ID is supported
or
not so for the Simplicity we're just
going to hardcode it and say if it's
support ABC ab a a b b c c d and we're
going to
compile it went through now what we're
going to do take the main set up and put
it in calling supports interface what
we're going to do is just simply call
the up because the supports interface
function exist on the up but we just
want to extend it so we do up connect to
the signer and recall
supports
interface with Ox aab BB CC
DD and let's see the result obviously
now we didn't add the extension yet so
it's okay if it
returns false let's
see so actually it returned false
because this interface ID is not
supported by the universal profile and
what we're going to do now is adding
this um we're going to add this
extension so here we can modify this
code to just instead
of adding the extension of buy me a
coffee we're going to do supports
interface byes
4 here instead of the coffee maker we're
going to take the supports interface
factorys interface
extension and we can log log
it
supports
interface and then we just replace it
here and so what we're
doing we're first deploying the uh
extension that extend the uh supports
interface function this extension will
support obviously it's here the this
interface
ID and then we're Computing the selector
of supports interface and we're
constructing it with the with the LSP 17
extension prefix and then we're setting
it on the universal profile so let's run
the script of adding the
extension so it's going to take a little
bit of time so we can see this is the
address not the coffee extension ah I
left it
so we can do support
words actually it's okay no one is
seeing now so we can take this and wait
till get mined so this is actually this
is a typo it's not the address of the
coffee extension it's the address of the
supports interface we're going to take
it
and we're
gonna actually we don't need it because
we're going to directly call uh we're
going to directly check the interface ID
on the universal profile so before we
checked the interface ID this one and it
returned false but now if we do it
again calling supports interface it will
be true so that means not just you can
extend the functionality of a universal
profile with new functions but you can
also make the universal profile support
new interface IDs and this is good for
detection of what feature they Universal
profile will eventually have so this was
the demo as I said if you want to look
at the code this will be all published
to this GitHub repository thank you

  

<file>  
## path: /.env.sample  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/.env.sample  

~~~  
PRIVATE_KEY= 
UP_ADDR=   
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /README.md  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/README.md  

# Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/CoffeeMaker.sol  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/contracts/CoffeeMaker.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.17;

import {LSP17Extension} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP17ContractExtension/LSP17Extension.sol";

contract CoffeeMaker is LSP17Extension {
    uint256 public coffeeRevenue;

    function buyMeACoffee() public {
        coffeeRevenue += _extendableMsgValue();
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/SupportsInterface.sol  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/contracts/SupportsInterface.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.17;

contract SupportsInterface {
    function supportsInterface(bytes4 interfaceId) public pure returns (bool) {
        return interfaceId == 0xaabbccdd;
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /hardhat.config.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/hardhat.config.ts  

~~~  
import { HardhatUserConfig } from "hardhat/config";
import "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox";

const config: HardhatUserConfig = {
  solidity: "0.8.19",
};

export default config;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /package.json  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/package.json  

~~~  
{
  "dependencies": {
    "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts": "^0.12.0-rc.0",
    "dotenv": "^16.3.1",
    "hardhat": "^2.18.3",
    "prettier": "^3.0.3"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox": "^3.0.0"
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/AddingAFunctionThatDoesNotExist.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/scripts/AddingAFunctionThatDoesNotExist.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

import { CoffeeMaker__factory } from '../typechain-types';
import { ERC725YDataKeys } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());

    const coffeeMakerExtension = await new CoffeeMaker__factory(signer).deploy();
    console.log("The address of the  extension", coffeeMakerExtension.target);

    const buyMeACoffeeSelector = ethers.id("buyMeACoffee()").substring(0, 10);

    const constructedDataKey = ERC725YDataKeys.LSP17.LSP17ExtensionPrefix + ethers.zeroPadBytes(buyMeACoffeeSelector, 20).substring(2);

    const tx = await UP.connect(signer).setData(constructedDataKey, coffeeMakerExtension.target);
    await tx.wait();
}

main()
    .then(() => process.exit(0))
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/CallingAFunctionThatDoesNotExist.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/scripts/CallingAFunctionThatDoesNotExist.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());

    const abi = ["function buyMeACoffee()"];
    UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, abi, provider);


    const valueToSend = 7;

    const tx = await UP.connect(signer).buyMeACoffee({ value: valueToSend });
    await tx.wait();

}

main()
    .then(() => process.exit(0))
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/CallingSupportsInterface.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/scripts/CallingSupportsInterface.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());


    const interfaceIdToQuery = "0xaabbccdd";

    const isSupported = await UP.connect(signer).supportsInterface(interfaceIdToQuery);
    console.log(isSupported);
}

main()
    .then(() => process.exit(0))
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/CheckingExtension.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/scripts/CheckingExtension.ts  

~~~  
// Coffee Maker extension 0x77D4195988Ebd257c0F7Bfc50715A1FCe3eDCA6a

import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);


    const abi = ["function coffeeRevenue() returns (uint256)"];

    // Insert the extension address here
    const extensionAddress = "0x...."

    let extension = new ethers.Contract(extensionAddress, abi, provider);

    const result = await extension.connect(signer).coffeeRevenue.staticCall();
    console.log(result);
}

main()
    .then(() => process.exit(0))
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/SupportingANewInterfaceId.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/scripts/SupportingANewInterfaceId.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

import { SupportsInterface__factory } from '../typechain-types';
import { ERC725YDataKeys } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());

    // The contract to deploy which have the function supportsInterface that supports
    // the new interfaceId that the UniversalProfile needs to support
    const supportsInterfaceExtension = await new SupportsInterface__factory(signer).deploy();
    console.log("The address of the  extension", supportsInterfaceExtension.target);


    const supportsInterfaceSelector = ethers.id("supportsInterface(bytes4)").substring(0, 10);
    const constructedDataKey = ERC725YDataKeys.LSP17.LSP17ExtensionPrefix + ethers.zeroPadBytes(supportsInterfaceSelector, 20).substring(2);

    const tx = await UP.connect(signer).setData(constructedDataKey, supportsInterfaceExtension.target);
    await tx.wait();
}

main()
    .then(() => process.exit(0))
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/mainSetup.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/scripts/mainSetup.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());
}

main()
    .then(() => process.exit(0))
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /tsconfig.json  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP17Extensions/blob/main/tsconfig.json  

~~~  
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "target": "es2020",
    "module": "commonjs",
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
    "strict": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "resolveJsonModule": true
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  
</repository>  


<repository>  
# Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates  
## overview  
repository: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/  
userName: YamenMerhi  
repository: Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates  
branch: main  
date: 2023-11-27T10:16:38+01:00 (1701076598)  
description:
hello everyone it's yam from the teting
in this video we're going to learn how
to add reactivity to the universal
profile using lsp1 universal receiver
standard so let's go through the
universal receiver and know more about
the problem that this standard solve
we're going to do that by taking an
example of an erc20 token since it's the
most used currently in the space during
an erc20 token transfer the sender will
call the transfer function on the erc20
token and then this token contract will
just decrease the balance of the sender
and increase the balance of the
recipient without further interaction
the recipient will be totally excluded
from the interaction regardless if it's
an externally owned account or a smart
contract so this recipient cannot know
which token it owns and even other
standard where a function on the
recipient is defined the notification is
limited and designed in a bad way so for
instance ERC 721 1155 and 223 Define
function functions to be available in
the recipient contract to accomplish a
successful safe transfer so let's say as
a recipient my contract is deployed and
two years down the road a new nft
standard get adopted my contract will
not have the ability to receive these
kind of tokens because it won't be
implementing the mapped ERC XXX received
function other than that these function
are not mandatory to be called these
will be called only on safe transfer and
also the standard does not defy an event
to be emitted on the recipient so
offchain clients cannot easily filter
what tokens you own as a recipient they
would need to query the whole blockchain
and token contract to know what token
you own so this shows that this way of
notifying is broken and we need to find
a better way and this is possible with
the universal receiver function that we
standardized in
lsp1 so lsp1 Define a function called
universal receiver and the whole point
of this function is to emit an event to
the network network with the data passed
to it so let's say you inform a smart
contract about a specific message an
event will be emitted with who's
informing which is the sender how much
value he's sending what type of message
he's sending and the additional data
attached to it and the response of the
universal receiver function not not just
that this function can allow you to
react on call so for instance you can
specify in the function that whenever a
specific entity send you a token half of
these token will be sent to a vault you
own or distributed equally to other
recipient addresses the standard also
take modularity into consideration so
it's not recommended to hard code a
specific logic within the universal
receiver function but rather delegate
the responsibility of reacting to an
external contract called the universal
receiver delegate and this is because
you might need to change how you react
on specific call so now you can decide
to split all the token you receive 50/50
between you and the secret vault or
later you might you might want to disect
allow anyone from sending you a token or
filter the spam token and only allow
whitelisted token so universal receiver
implement the univers universal profile
implement the universal receiver
function and as you can see here you can
have your tokens inform the sender and
inform the recipient about the transfer
in this way not just you'll get notified
but also you can react on the token
transfer as shown on the screen the
universal receiver delegate can contain
any logic from rejecting the transfer
forwarding the asset to a vault or a
staking pool
Etc so in a previous video we explained
why there is a need to have LSP 17
contract extensions within the universal
profile and how you can add them however
it's important to differentiate between
notifying the universal profile using
universal receiver and calling an
extension on the universal profile when
a token will notify you the events will
be emitted on your profile in this way
if I need to know what tokens or
followers or whatever people decide to
notify about you can just listen to the
universal receiver event emitted on the
profile address however with LSP 17
contract extension websites need to
fetch what extension you previously had
from the events and then fetch the
events from these extension gathered so
this will be much slower and unreliable
plus the universal receiver is inclusive
meaning that by default you'll not
reject any call to inform you unless you
decide to however with the extent tion
if someone is informing You by calling
the extension that you did not add yet
the call will fail so it's all about
having more flexibility and knowing
where is the right place to perform
certain actions LSP 17 contract
extension are to extend the
functionality of the universal profile
and universal receiver is to inform you
about incoming transaction and you being
able to react on them and with that
being said let's see a demo on how to
use the universal receiver and how to
add universal receiver delegates
so I created a new hard hat project you
can do that by installing hard
hat so you'll do npm install hard hat
and then you'll do npx hard hat in it
where you initiate a new hard hat
project so I uh created a typescript
project uh feel free to do that with
JavaScript if it's easier for you uh
these are the packages that I'm using so
you need to install the LSP smart
contract package by doing that uh I use
frer
andv uh to have the environment
variables and this package will be
automatically installed with hard hat so
for the samples of the uh environment
variables you'll need to add the private
key of your browser extension controller
so there will be other tutorials that
show how to uh extract the private key
from the browser extension and here you
would put the address so obviously you
need to put that in the EnV not in the
SLE this is just to show you how to do
it so we're going to start by looking at
the main setup that I created um we have
here we're importing ethers from hard
hat we are taking the universal profile
AI from the LSP smart contract package
and we're instantiating uh a new
instance of the universal profile by
passing The Universal profile address
the ABI and the provider which connect
us to the Luxo test so we can run this
script to see
our um addresses so we're going do the
main
setup and we can see here this is the
address of the browser extension
controller and this is the address of
our Universal profile so in this
specific tutorial we're going to uh call
the universal receiver function and
we're going to watch the events emited
and we're going to say why this is
useful so first let's start by adding a
listener to the universal receiver event
so we're going to create this and we're
going to do Universal profile on and
we're going to listen to the universal
receiver so obviously there's different
parameter with that there's the from
who's calling the universal receiver the
value he's sending the type ID which is
a unique identifier about the action
that the person is calling to notify
about there's the received data
additional data that
you want to notify about and then we can
just
say say the
universal receiver event was
emitted can say the universal
receiver was called
by
from
passing
this
amount has
value to
modify about this type
ID with
these data so we can do is run this
script we can run this script here
here and go create
a new
terminal and within our main setup we're
going to try to call the universal
receiver function and see uh if the
event will be emitted so obviously
events take some time to to be detected
but let's see if it's going to be super
so so what we're going to do is that
we're going to call the UN receiver
function on the profile so the universal
receiver function take two parameter the
type ID and data so the type ID
represent a specific action that you
want to notify about so it should be
like a unique identifier for the action
that you want to notify about so we can
say
um
that where we want to notify about the
royalty so we create the hash of the
word royalty and this will be our unique
identifier and then as data we can pass
whatever we want like the address or
like royalty about like which token
contract or about which product you're
selling so but for now we're just going
to use this dummy
data and then we're going to wrap that
in the
transaction let
run this
transaction and obviously even if you
didn't touch your universal receiver
function before the transaction will
pass because we said the universal
receiver function is inclusive meaning
whenever you deploy your Universal
profile you don't need to do any setup
if someone call this universal receiver
function the transaction will pass
because it's just emitting an event and
it's searching for universal receiver
delegates to react on the uh on the
notification but if you didn't set any
universal receiver delegate we should
expect it to pass so if we go to the
other terminal and wait for a bit we can
see that the event was
emitted so so maybe not this one here we
can see that the universal receiver was
called by Ox E4 which is the signer
because we have seen that whenever I log
the signer it's this one passing value
we didn't send any to notify about which
is the hash of the word royalty and with
a b b c d d as data so what we can do is
pass some data here and see if it
changed can see we're sending
tenway and then we run the script
again and we wait a
bit till it's mind on the blockchain
and we go and we can see that now it's
updated with 10 value and even this not
just uh can be done with externally
owned account by calling the universal
receiver so you can have a token so
let's say we're
creating my token which is and first
let's
import let's import
nsp7 digital
asset
from so there would be other tutorial
that show you how to deploy and uh
create an LSP 7 digital asset for now
we're just going to use it as a sample
to see that a token would notify you
about um about the token
transfer so the lp7 digital asset we
need to pass some
arguments like
um we need to
pass the name of the token
token the
symbol we need to pass the owner which
is let's say the digal sender and then
uh whether it's divisible or not for now
it's not very
important and I'm going to create a
function that's called mint and takes a
recipient and it's called by anyone just
for the sake of the
demo so the amount will be 10 the
recipient
this let's set the true and as data I
just want to pass ZX or let's keep it
empty and now I'll just compile the
contract and I would need to deploy so
I'll just go here take
this and deploy the contract so I need
to
import
and I take the
factory and the signer will deploy this
one and what we're going to do is that
directly we're going
to we're going to Mint some
tokens this is
designer minute and we're going to put
the universal profile
address
so this
then so we don't need this line
and let's run this script which is
deploying contractor
so what did I do as a
mistake
probably
yep so we're waiting till the contract
is
deployed and we're minting some tokens
to the universal profile which is
supposed to notify also the universal
profile so hopefully we can see that
reflect on the
events that we're listening
to so let's wait so it's
deployed so now after fixing the code I
just needed to add a guas limit for some
reason um so I added a guess limit and
it went through it didn't revert so we
can see here that it didn't revert and
hopefully whenever I minted this um
token to the universal profile it should
notify the unal profile and we're going
to see if it did notify or not so we're
going to go here and we see that
actually notified so now the universal
receiver was called by this address we
see that it's a different now not the
signer is calling the universal receiver
because actually the signer is calling
the mint function and the token contract
is notifying the universal profile about
the transfer so this is the address of
the token contract and we say we see
that it not with zero value because it's
not sending a native token it's just the
the token that we
created about this specific type ID so
if you go to the LSP 7 spec you see that
this type ID is to represent that you're
receiving an LS sp7 token so now even
you can say that you want to filter the
universal receiver event with this type
ID and this way you'll just get the
notification when you receive an LSP 7
token and and these obviously are the
data associated with the transfer that
you can uh choose from the token
contract so the whole idea of notifying
and listen listening to the event of the
anniversary receiver is to say that now
we don't need to index the whole
blockchain anymore and check where uh is
the transaction where my address is
associated with now we can just listen
to the universary receiver uh event and
know what uh are we being notified about
or what we receed is it like a token
follower a royalty
anything so now let's see how we can use
the univers receiver delegate so we'll
stick to the example of the token so we
have this LSP 7 digital asset token and
when whenever we're minting or
transferring a token to a recipient this
recipient If he if it's a universal
profile then the universal receiver of
function of this Universal profile will
be called with specific parameters that
we're going to going to see now so if we
go to the LSP 7
specification we can see if we go to the
transfer function uh which applies the
same to the mint function we can see
that if the token recipient is a
contract that support the lsp1 interface
which is the case in uh the universal
profile uh it should call the tokens
recipient universal receiver function
with a parameter below so this is the
type ID that the universal profile will
be notified with so we're going to take
it and for for now let's just put it
here so we can create a logic in our
universal receiver delegate that depend
on this type ID so for instance in this
tutorial let's take a simple example
which is um allowing just whitelisted
token to be received so what we're going
to do is that we're going to create the
universal receiver function universal
receiver delegate in our in the case of
a universal receiver delegate it should
take this form the sender will be the
person not notifying the original
universal receiver function value how
much he sent the type ID which is passed
and the data is pass so we can just do
that and then returns
bites so this need to be added with the
times we have
it so now we can say if the type
ID is equal
equal this one which signal that we're
receiving an LSP 7
token we need to requ we need to First
add a mapping that will hold the logic
of white
listing address then Boolean
public is white
listed and we can have a
function
change white listing then the address of
the token all the
status and for Simplicity we're not
going to add any modifier now but this
should be only callable by the universal
profile so he can control uh which token
to allow or not but for now let's just
keep it simple
and just do
that so uh we're gonna say that
require that the sender which is the
person notifying the universal receiver
function so we're going to
say we're going to
require that the sender is white
listed if he's not white listed it's
going to revert so let's compile
obviously we're going
to ignore the rest we don't need the
value or the data so it's not necessary
that we use them it's just we we use
what we need so we're going to do that
and then we're going to
compile and an important thing that I
just forgot is the support of the lsp1
delegate interface if we don't support
this interface ID then this function
will not run so obviously we need to do
support
interface byes
four so this is a critical aspect to the
universal receiver delegate and we
say
since we're
importing can just take the interface ID
from here and now we can compile and
this should be working so now we're just
compiling and compiled successfully now
we need to deploy this universal
receiver delegate and add it to the uh
Universal profile
so now let's take the invers receiver
delegate Factory actually let's keep
both so we can deploy a
new token so we deployed a new
token let's remove the logic of so this
is y to
Target and then we're going to deploy
the universal receiver dedicate
and we're going
to
emit so let's do
that let's also set a gas limit so we
don't fall so this gas limit is a bit
exaggerated
but it will work so let need ex that
from script deploying contracts it might
take a bit of time
because so the first one is the
address of we're going to put it here
somewhere this is the address of the
token and this is the address of the
receiver
dedicate
cool so now the step would be to first
check if we meant some tokens to the
universal profile it will not fail
because we didn't set the universal
receiver delegate yet so what we can do
is
just so we need to
instantiate the Token contract
so let's do
that let's
do we take the address of the token from
here we just put it here and the API so
I created a function called mint with
address
so it's very simple don't need to make
it
complicated and now we would just call
the mint function to the universal
profile and hopefully it should go
through so we're going to wait a
bit
and it should be
working because it didn't
revert so it didn't trovert obviously
that mean it's working and it Meed some
token but now what we're going to do is
that we're going to add this universal
receiver delegate which will revert
whenever we send the token because it's
not wh listed yet so what we're going to
do
is first we need to construct the data
key of the uh universal receiver
delegate So currently uh the universal
profiles deployed by luo will have a
universal receiver delegate that will be
responsible of uh writing the address of
the assets you receive and the vaults
that you receive and this is a common
behavior that everyone agreed to but
anyone can change this universal
receiver delegate but now we're not
going to mess this
uh setup and we're just going to add
this as an extra universal receiver
delegate just related to the type ID of
receiving LSP 7 token so we're going to
do that we're going to start by
constructing the data key so we're going
to say we need to
import the ERC 725 Y data
key the luo
package we're going to construct
so the type ID we put it right there I
guess so this is the type ID we're going
to need
it type ID of
lp7
recipient
constructed data key
equal and then uh we're going to use the
lsp1 universal receiver prefix which is
which is 12 bytes and then we're going
to concatenate that with the type ID so
we'll need to
take we need to remove the first two
bytes and then take
um uh 20 bytes so it will be 2 to 42 and
then this will be a bytes 32 data key
and then the address will obviously be
the address of the universal receiver
delegate so what we're going to do is
we're going to create a
transaction
that call set data on the universal
profile so if you're doing that with the
universal profile deployed by Lo so you
need to make sure that the address of
the universal profile browser extension
uh the the browser extension controller
has the permission of uh add universal
receiver delegate or edit un receiver
delegate if you're going to remove one
and replace it with this one so there
will be other tutorials that show how to
give uh the universal receiver delegate
permission or like how to edit it from
the extension or programmatically so I'm
not going to do it in this one so I just
do constructed data key and then the
address of the universal receiver
dedicates and then we're going to wait
so we're adding aners receiver
delegate so let's see whether it goes
through or
not so it went through so we assume that
we added our universal receiver delegate
and we're going to make sure uh if it's
working or not so now what we're going
to do is that we're going to try to Min
some tokens to the universal profile and
see if it's reverting or
not we do so we just put them in the
deploying contract it's not
accurate but let just put the code
to
so after waiting for a bit the
transaction went through and it actually
reverted so we can see transaction
execution reverted and here's me trying
again to run the script and it actually
reverted and this is because our
universal receiver delegate is now
reverting on nonwhite listed token so
what we're going to do is that we're
going to go to um
yeah what we're going to do is now we're
going to
whitelist the the token that we have in
order to do that we need to interact
with the universal receiver delegate
contract so also we're going to do that
from the same
contract
so we just uh first load the API so we
need to see what we did rename the
function take this and then instant API
okay and
then we just
instantiate my univers delegate contract
we have the address of the universary
receiv delegate
here then this is the AI and the
provider and we just
do proceed
with connecting with the
ler and then we're going to call the
function so we're going to say change
white listing so first we need the
address of the token so we can Whit list
it we already have it saved
here and then we're going to say true so
it means that it's white listed and then
we're GNA wait till the transaction is
mined so just in case I'm GNA add the
gas
limit or maybe not let's see if it go
through and we wait a bit till the
transaction is
mined and now the trans ction is mined
and we know that we whitelisted the
token so now we try again and this time
the transaction need to go through and
for that to make sure that it went
through I will be listening here to the
universal receiver event so I'm going to
run this
script I'm going to run it here and now
I'm going to proceed with minting a
token to see if it's going to notify and
if it's going to pass through or
not let's
see so we wait a bit and we see that it
didn't revert so this is the first sign
that our universal receiver delegate
worked because earlier it reverted when
we did a mint and now when we go to the
or receiver event we see that this is
the address actual address of the uh of
the token so we can compare it you can
see that this is the address of the
token which mean it minted some token
and notify about this one which is the
type ID that we already set a universal
receiver Delegate for it to react on it
and we have some other information that
is passed by the token
contract so that shows that we can add
any logic to the universal receiver
delegate and make it run on whatever
action we decide to so that needs
standardization in LSP 7 we did it so we
can see here that we
standardize uh the notification for
receiving token and for sending them and
in this way you can react on them so uh
this uh example was a bit simple if you
need to go through more advanced uh
example you can go to our uh docs you
can see here in the guides section
create a universal receiver delegate and
this one is a bit Advanced so you can
see how you can split the LSP 7 token
like transfer a percentage to another
recipient which is a bit more advanced
than just wh
listing so that's the guide uh for today
and if you need to check the code this
will be all organized under the uh this
GitHub repository thank you

  

<file>  
## path: /.env.sample  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/.env.sample  

~~~  
PRIVATE_KEY= 
UP_ADDR=   
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /README.md  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/README.md  

# Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/MyToken.sol  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/contracts/MyToken.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

import {LSP7DigitalAsset} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP7DigitalAsset/LSP7DigitalAsset.sol";

contract MyToken is LSP7DigitalAsset {
    constructor() LSP7DigitalAsset("Token", "TKN", msg.sender, false) {}

    function mint(address recipient) public {
        _mint(recipient, 10, true, "");
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /contracts/UniversalReceiverDelegate.sol  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/contracts/UniversalReceiverDelegate.sol  

~~~  
// SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
pragma solidity ^0.8.4;

// 0x20804611b3e2ea21c480dc465142210acf4a2485947541770ec1fb87dee4a55c

import {ILSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate} from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/contracts/LSP1UniversalReceiver/ILSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate.sol";

contract UniversalReceiverDelegate is ILSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate {
    mapping(address => bool) public isWhitelisted;

    function changeWhitelisting(address token, bool status) public {
        isWhitelisted[token] = status;
    }

    function universalReceiverDelegate(
        address sender,
        uint256 /*value*/,
        bytes32 typeId,
        bytes memory /*data*/
    ) public view returns (bytes memory) {
        if (
            typeId ==
            0x20804611b3e2ea21c480dc465142210acf4a2485947541770ec1fb87dee4a55c
        ) {
            require(isWhitelisted[sender]);
        }

        return "";
    }

    function supportsInterface(bytes4 interfaceId) public pure returns (bool) {
        return interfaceId == type(ILSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate).interfaceId;
    }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /hardhat.config.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/hardhat.config.ts  

~~~  
import { HardhatUserConfig } from "hardhat/config";
import "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox";

const config: HardhatUserConfig = {
  solidity: "0.8.17",
};

export default config;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /package.json  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/package.json  

~~~  
{
  "dependencies": {
    "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts": "^0.12.0-rc.0",
    "dotenv": "^16.3.1",
    "hardhat": "^2.18.3",
    "prettier": "^3.0.3"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox": "^3.0.0"
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/AddingAUniversalReceiverDelegate.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/scripts/AddingAUniversalReceiverDelegate.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';
import { ERC725YDataKeys, LSP1_TYPE_IDS } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.gateway.fm');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());

    const typeIdLSP7Recipient = LSP1_TYPE_IDS.LSP7Tokens_RecipientNotification;
    const constructedDataKey = ERC725YDataKeys.LSP1.LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegatePrefix + typeIdLSP7Recipient.substring(2, 42);

    // The address of the deployed URD
    const UniversalReceiverDelegateAddress = "0x..."

    const tx = await UP.connect(signer).setData(constructedDataKey, UniversalReceiverDelegateAddress);
    await tx.wait();

}

main()
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/CallingFunctionOnDeployedContract.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/scripts/CallingFunctionOnDeployedContract.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';
import { MyToken__factory, UniversalReceiverDelegate__factory } from '../typechain-types';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    const deployedContractAddress = "0x...";

    // let abi = ["function mint(address)"];
    // let myToken = new ethers.Contract(deployedContractAddress, abi, provider);


    // const recipientAddress = "0x.."
    // const tx = await myToken.connect(signer).mint(recipientAddress, { gasLimit: 400_000 });
    // await tx.wait();

    // const abi = ["function changeWhitelisting(address token, bool status)"]
    // let myUniversalReceiverDelegate = new ethers.Contract(deployedContractAddress, abi, provider);

    // const addressToWhitelist = "0x..."
    // const tx = await myUniversalReceiverDelegate.connect(signer).changeWhitelisting(addressToWhitelist, true);
    // await tx.wait();



}


main()
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/CallingUniversalReceiver.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/scripts/CallingUniversalReceiver.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.gateway.fm');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());

    const typeId = ethers.id("Royalty");
    const data = "0xaabbccdd";
    const valueToSend = 10;

    const tx = await UP.connect(signer).universalReceiver(typeId, data, { value: valueToSend });
    await tx.wait();
}

main()
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/DeployingContract.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/scripts/DeployingContract.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';
import { MyToken__factory, UniversalReceiverDelegate__factory } from '../typechain-types';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);


    const myToken = await new MyToken__factory(signer).deploy({ gasLimit: 20_000_000 });
    console.log(myToken.target);

    const urd = await new UniversalReceiverDelegate__factory(signer).deploy({ gasLimit: 20_000_000 });
    console.log((urd.target));
}


main()
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/ListeningUniversalReceiver.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/scripts/ListeningUniversalReceiver.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.gateway.fm');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());


    UP.on("UniversalReceiver", (from, value, typeId, receivedData, returnedData) => {
        console.log(&nbsp;The UniversalReceiver was called by ${from} passing ${value} value, to notify about ${typeId} with  these ${receivedData} data&nbsp;);
    })


}

main()
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/mainSetup.ts  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/scripts/mainSetup.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from 'hardhat';
import * as dotenv from 'dotenv';
import { abi as UP_ABI } from '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/UniversalProfile.json';

// load env vars
dotenv.config();

// Update those values in the .env file
const { UP_ADDR, PRIVATE_KEY } = process.env;

async function main() {

    // setup provider
    const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.gateway.fm');
    // setup signer (the browser extension controller)
    const signer = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY as string, provider);

    let UP = new ethers.Contract(UP_ADDR as string, UP_ABI, provider);

    console.log('🔑 EOA: ', signer.address);
    console.log('🆙 Universal Profile: ', await UP.getAddress());

    const typeId = ethers.id("Royalty");
    const data = "0xaabbccdd"
    const tx = await UP.connect(signer).universalReceiver(typeId, data, { value: 10 });
    await tx.wait();
}

main()
    .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        process.exit(1);
    });  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /tsconfig.json  
url: https://github.com/YamenMerhi/Demo-AddingLSP1UniversalReceiverDelegates/blob/main/tsconfig.json  

~~~  
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "target": "es2020",
    "module": "commonjs",
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
    "strict": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "resolveJsonModule": true
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  
</repository>  


<repository>  
# createUP  
## overview  
repository: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/  
userName: biancabuzea200  
repository: createUP  
branch: main  
date: 2023-11-27T10:16:38+01:00 (1701076598)  
description:
hi there it's Bianca from the Deval team
in this video we're going to create a
universal profile programmatically and
after we have our Universal profile
we're going to read Universal profile
data first the contents of uh this video
so in the first part we're going to
create an account programmatically in
part number two we're going to deploy a
universal profile programmatically and
in part number three after we have our
Universal profile we're going to read
the data from our
profile here you can have by scanning
this code uh you can access the GitHub
repository and I strongly encourage you
to actually follow uh with the GitHub
repository in front because you will
find very useful comments in the code
and also you will find the different
libraries and dependencies in the rme
file one note here uh when you are
deployed loing a universal profile uh
you have two options so the first option
is you deploy the universal profile
using the universal profile browser
extension and when you're doing this way
your transaction gas fees will be
subsidized by the Lux of relay service
the second version that we're going to
cover today is when you deploy your
Universal profile
programmatically in this case you'll
have to cover the gas fees uh for your
transaction by yourself however there
are still cases when you will need to
create a universal profile
programmatically so this is uh very
useful to
know now brief recap on what is a
universal profile a universal profile is
a smart contract based account that
represents your profile on chain so to
this profile you can attach different
metadata such as links descriptions
profile pictures cover photos uh tags
Etc Now demo time show me the code I
would like to invite you to access uh
this link and follow along with the
video to create our Universal profile
first we'll need an account to do that
we're going to use the web FS Library so
first we're going to import it now we're
going to create uh an instance we're
going to pass uh in here here
the LX RPC endpoint for the test net
next we're going to create our account
uh we're going to use the create
method and we are going to display to
the console the private key and the
public key next we want to display our
balance we're going to do so by creating
an Asing function we can call it uh get
balance of course uh at the beginning
our balance will be zero but we are
going to fund our key using the Luxo
testet faucet because we're going to
need uh some testet leaks to deploy our
Universal profile last but not least uh
we are going
to call our get balance function and
let's see this in
action
as you can see here it has generated our
private key our public key and we have
our balance of zero so now it's time
that we go ahead and we fund our uh
public I'm right now on the Luxo docs
I'm going to go to networks I'm going to
go to test net Network parameters I'm
looking for faucet and and here you can
find the testet authenticated
faucet in order to get funds uh you need
to make a tweet and paste the URL from
the Tweet you have the whole explanation
uh here in the bottom then you can press
uh give me l t testet loo that's it next
we are going to deploy our Universal
profile okay so now in a separate file
I'll call this uh deploy up
I'm going to work on creating and
deploying uh my Universal profile
similar to before I'm going to import a
web free library and create a web free
object where I'm passing the locko
testnet RPC endpoint however if you
prefer using eers instead of uh web free
you will find under the eers folder
corresponding to uh the GitHub reple for
these tutorials all the files using
eers after this I'm going to use uh LSP
uh Factory I'm going to import uh LSP uh
Factory LSP Factory it's a library that
does the heavy lifting for deploying
Universal profiles and other digital
assets such as LSP 7 or LSP
8 and then I'm going to uh
import my uh I'm going to import uhv and
I'm doing this because I I want to save
my private key uh Secret in
TMV so what I'm going to do
now I am uh going to uh load my private
key from the EMV file and store in a
private in a constant called private
key when it comes to the UA I'm going to
define the variable my UA and and here
I'm going to use the private key to
account uh function this function create
an account object uh from a private key
so this is exactly uh What uh we are
looking
for next is time to to use our LSP uh
Factory Library so we're going to create
a new instance of LSP factory and we're
going to pass the testet RPC uh endpoint
uh and uh the EA's uh private key uh
this will deploy basically the universal
profile smart contract so we have the
RPC endpoint and we have the deploy key
which is uh the private key and the
chain ID uh we have uh 4201 for The Lox
test
net in The Next Step uh I'm going to
Define an async function called create
uh Universal uh profile let's say uh
this uh will allow uh need to return the
deployed contracts so I'm going to use
deploy function from the LSP Factory and
I'm going to pass uh two uh parameters
the first parameter is the controller
key this is essentially the EA that will
be uh controlling the universal
profile and the second
parameter is the LSP free profile so the
LSP uh free profile it contains the
profile
metadata and basically it allows to
define specific data key uh to Define uh
properties for the universal profile so
you can see here that I have a name I
have a description I have tags I have
links but you can add
other uh data keys for example they can
be one for a profile
image now that uh we have discovered uh
what I'm going to do is I want to store
the address of the universal profile in
a variable called uh my up address and
then I will uh output this to the
console so now all I have to do uh is to
return um the deployed
contracts and then of course uh to call
uh
the create Universal profile
function and this should be it now all I
have to do is uh to run our
file it will take a while for the smart
contracts uh to be uh
deployed but um this should work
and here we have the address of my uh
Universal
profile okay so now for the last part we
want to read profile data from our
freshly created Universal profile to do
that I created a new file uh you can
find it under the name of read profile
data.js similarly to
before we're going to import a web free
in order to connect to an RPC endpoint
we're also going to import this time RC
uh 725 this allows us to easily uh
interact with u ERC 725
schemas and also we're going to
import our LSP free profile
schema now in order to uh read our
profile data we're going to use uh the
fetch profile
function
so as you can see here we are attempting
to create a new ERC 725 uh object and to
do that uh we need to pass in four uh
parameters youc LSP free profile schema
the address which is the universal
profile
address the
provider and we need also a config which
is the the ipfs uh
Gateway so so uh we attempt to create a
new ERC 725 object and we attempt to
fetch data from this object once we
created the object and if we get an
error most likely means that this is not
ANC 725 uh contract we're going to
display this uh error
message so now all we need to do uh is
to basically Define uh this uh such that
uh we have them as parameters
so first we're going
to have our sample profile data this is
the universal profile address that we
have from earlier the RPC endpoint uh we
are going to pass the loxo RPC endpoint
and the ipfs
Gateway that we're going to uh use and
then we also need
to Define uh the
parameters for the ERC 725 instance and
these are the provider and the
config
finally we want to call the fetch uh
data uh fetch profile uh
function so uh by doing that we want to
display uh to the console uh the profile
data as a as a Json so so now we're
going to do that we're going to save our
file and
run uh profile read profile
data and here we have our schema that we
just defined
earlier beautiful

  

<file>  
## path: /.env.example  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/.env.example  

~~~  
MY_PRIVATE_KEY=
MY_PUPLIC_KEY=
MY_UP_ADDRESS=  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /README.md  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/README.md  

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

# Create a Universal Profile Programmatically and Read Profile Data

## About The Project

This repo aims to get you up to speed with creating a Universal Profile on the LUKSO blockchain programmatically and reading data from it.

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

### Built With

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

These examples are very straightforward and all can be run simply with node. We do need to do some minimal setup first though.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- nvm

  We will be changing our node version for some examples so we will be using nvm. If you do not have it set up take a look [here](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating). This will also ensure you have node.js and npm available.

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. If you have an UP address or Wallet for LUKSO testnet already you can enter them in the `.env`

   ```md
   MY_PRIVATE_KEY=
   MY_PUPLIC_KEY=
   MY_UP_ADDRESS=
   ```

4. Install the libraries
   ```sh
   npm install @lukso/lsp-factory.js
   npm install web3
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

This repo goes over some simple examples that you can build on.

For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://docs.lukso.tech/)

### Basic Usage

1. Navigate to the directory you are interested in, both the ethers and web3.js examples are equivalent.
2. Follow any additional instructions left as comments in each file. The normal order to follow is `generateKeys.js` -> `deployUP.js` -> `readProfileData.js` since this order generates all values needed for subsequent examples.
3. Each example can be run simply with
   ```sh
   node [filepath]/filename.js
   ```
4. Make sure to add any newly generated variables to the `.env` before proceeding to the next example.

   ```md
   MY_PRIVATE_KEY=
   MY_PUPLIC_KEY=
   MY_UP_ADDRESS=
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Bianca Buzea - [@buzea200](https://twitter.com/buzea200)

Project Link: [https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP](https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /ethers/deployUP.js  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/ethers/deployUP.js  

~~~  
// You might need to use node v16.0.0 (nvm use 16.0.0) when running this
// This is because node made a change and a flag is required in the fetch command, and the ipfs-http-client hasn't made an update
// So only older versions of node will work.
// You can do this with &nbsp;nvm use 16.0.0&nbsp;

import { LSPFactory } from '@lukso/lsp-factory.js';
import dotenv from 'dotenv/config';
import { ethers } from "ethers";


const PRIVATE_KEY = process.env.MY_PRIVATE_KEY;
const myEOA = new ethers.Wallet(PRIVATE_KEY);

const lspFactory = new LSPFactory('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network/', {
    deployKey: PRIVATE_KEY,
    chainId: 4201, // LUKSO Testnet
});

async function createUniversalProfile() {
    const deployedContracts = await lspFactory.UniversalProfile.deploy({
        controllerAddresses: [myEOA.address],
        lsp3Profile: {
            name: 'My Universal Profile',
            description: 'My Cool Universal Profile',
            tags: ['Public Profile'],
            links: [
                {
                    title: 'My Website',
                    url: 'https://my-website.com/',
                },
            ],
        },
    });

    const myUPAddress = deployedContracts.LSP0ERC725Account.address;
    console.log('my Universal Profile address: ', myUPAddress);

    // Now we can add this UP address to our .env file
    return deployedContracts;
}
createUniversalProfile();

  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /ethers/generateKeys.js  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/ethers/generateKeys.js  

~~~  
import { ethers } from "ethers";

const provider = new ethers.JsonRpcProvider("https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network/");

let account = ethers.Wallet.createRandom(provider);
console.log("My private key is: " + account.privateKey);
console.log("My address is: " + account.address);

// Now we can add this key and address to our .env file

async function getBalance() {
    let balance = await provider.getBalance(account.address);
    console.log("My balance: " + ethers.formatEther(balance) + "ether LYXt");
}

getBalance();  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /package.json  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/package.json  

~~~  
{
  "name": "createup",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "",
  "type": "module",
  "main": "createUP.js",
  "scripts": {
    "test": "echo \"Error: no test specified\" && exit 1"
  },
  "author": "",
  "license": "ISC",
  "dependencies": {
    "@lukso/lsp-factory.js": "^3.1.1",
    "dotenv": "^16.3.1",
    "isomorphic-fetch": "^3.0.0",
    "web3": "^1.10.2"
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/deployUP.js  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/src/deployUP.js  

~~~  
// You might need to use node v16.0.0 (nvm use 16.0.0) when running this
// This is because node made a change and a flag is required in the fetch command, and the ipfs-http-client hasn't made an update
// So only older versions of node will work.
// You can do this with &nbsp;nvm use 16.0.0&nbsp;


import Web3 from 'web3';
const web3 = new Web3("https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network");
import { LSPFactory } from '@lukso/lsp-factory.js';
import dotenv from 'dotenv/config';

const PRIVATE_KEY = process.env.MY_PRIVATE_KEY;
const myEOA = web3.eth.accounts.privateKeyToAccount(PRIVATE_KEY);

const lspFactory = new LSPFactory('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network/', {
    deployKey: PRIVATE_KEY,
    chainId: 4201, // LUKSO Testnet
});

async function createUniversalProfile() {
    const deployedContracts = await lspFactory.UniversalProfile.deploy({
        controllerAddresses: [myEOA.address],
        lsp3Profile: {
            name: 'My Universal Profile',
            description: 'My Cool Universal Profile',
            tags: ['Public Profile'],
            links: [
                {
                    title: 'My Website',
                    url: 'https://my-website.com/',
                },
            ],
        },
    });

    const myUPAddress = deployedContracts.LSP0ERC725Account.address;
    console.log('my Universal Profile address: ', myUPAddress);

    // Now we can add this UP address to our .env file

    return deployedContracts;
}
createUniversalProfile();
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/generateKeys.js  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/src/generateKeys.js  

~~~  
import Web3 from "web3";
const web3 = new Web3("https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network/");

let account = web3.eth.accounts.create();
console.log("My private key is: " + account.privateKey);
console.log("My address is: " + account.address);

// Now we can add this key and address to our .env file

async function getBalance() {
    let balance = await web3.eth.getBalance(account.address);
    console.log("My balance: " + web3.utils.fromWei(balance, "ether") + " LYXt");
}

getBalance();

  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/readProfileData.js  
url: https://github.com/biancabuzea200/createUP/blob/main/src/readProfileData.js  

~~~  
// Import and Network Setup

import Web3 from 'web3';
import { ERC725 } from '@erc725/erc725.js';
import lsp3ProfileSchema from '@erc725/erc725.js/schemas/LSP3ProfileMetadata.json' assert { type: 'json' };

// Our static variables
//const SAMPLE_PROFILE_ADDRESS2 = '0x6979474Ecb890a8EFE37daB2b9b66b32127237f7';
const SAMPLE_PROFILE_ADDRESS = "0xB031363560403179Aac100d51864e27fFF4D7807";
const RPC_ENDPOINT = 'https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network';
const IPFS_GATEWAY = 'https://api.universalprofile.cloud/ipfs';

// Parameters for ERC725 Instance
const provider = new Web3.providers.HttpProvider(RPC_ENDPOINT);
const config = { ipfsGateway: IPFS_GATEWAY };

async function fetchProfile(address) {
    try {
        const profile = new ERC725(lsp3ProfileSchema, address, provider, config);
        return await profile.fetchData();
    } catch (error) {
        console.log(error)
        return console.log('This is not an ERC725 Contract');
    }
}

fetchProfile(SAMPLE_PROFILE_ADDRESS).then((profileData) =>
    console.log(JSON.stringify(profileData, undefined, 2)),
);

  
~~~  
</file>  
  
</repository>  


<repository>  
# relayer-example  
## overview  
repository: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/  
userName: magalimorin18  
repository: relayer-example  
branch: main  
date: 2023-11-27T10:16:38+01:00 (1701076598)  
description:
welcome to all of you to the looko
buildup hackathon number two I'm very
happy today to be presenting a workshop
on the service relayer for a little
introduction on who I am so my name is
magali Morin I am a software engineer at
luo and the projects I've been working
on since uh I've joined luo are the
service relayer on which I will be
talking today and also the indexer that
you can find at search. Universal
profile. Cloud which indexes the
universal profiles on the blockchain and
also the tokens and
nft so the objective of this Workshop is
that you get an idea of how to use a
service relayer how to send execute
relay call transaction how to deploy
Universal profiles and finally I will do
a demo with uh the GitHub repository
that I have prepared for this
Workshop all along the the workshop you
can always refer at docs. loco. Tech
where you will find very detailed
information on everything that I will be
talking about so don't hesitate to visit
d.o. tech for any question that you
have so today a big barrier of Entry to
the blockchain is the fact that users
needs to buy token of a network on an
exchange platform do a kyc etc etc along
and a very a discouraging process before
they are able to send transaction to the
blockchain the idea of the service
relayer is to replace this two time step
for the user with just a onetime step
for the user the user just needs to
subscribe to a monthly subscription to
the service relayer and then the service
relayer sends and pay for the
transaction fee of the users every time
a user wants to make an action on the
blockchain
so basically the service relayer removes
a barrier of Entry of the user to use
the
blockchain let's get into more details
on how this flow Works a user signs a
transaction with a key this key doesn't
need any fund on it it just needs to
have permission to execute a transaction
on the universal
profile this transaction is sent to the
service relayer the service relayer then
sends this transaction and sends it to
the
blockchain the user needs to send the
transaction to the service relayer this
transaction is an object with different
parameters the first parameter is the
address this address is the universal
profile address of the user on which the
transaction will be
executed then we have a transaction
object the transaction object consist of
the ABI the ABI of the transaction to be
executed a signature this is the signed
transaction with the key of the user
which doesn't have any
fund the nons the nons is the nons of
the signing key of the
transaction and finally the validity
time stamp the validity time stamp is
the duration for which the transaction
will be considered valid in this case
the validity time stamps is set to zero
this means that the transaction is valid
for an indefinite period of
time then the service relayer will
encode the execute relay call
transaction with the parameters given by
the
user and finally it will signs and send
the transaction to the
blockchain this transaction will be
executed on the blockchain and the
service relayer will return to the user
the transaction
hash now let's get into more detail on
how to deploy a universal profile
a universal profile deployment required
to deploy several smart contracts and
these smart contracts need to interact
with each
other in fact a universal profile is a
combination of different contracts on
one side an ERC 725 account contract and
also an LS sp6 key manager
contract this LS sp6 key manager
contract is linked to the ERC 725
account
contract
then we can also set additional settings
like a universal receiver delegate or
lsb3 metadata on the ERC 725 account
contract in order to orchestrate the
deployment of these very different
contracts and to set additional data on
top of this deployment we use the LSP 23
standard now let's get into the demo
code so first I would like to present
some tools that will be useful to you
when you will be be tacking with the
repository first the luo faet this faet
allows you to get some fund on your keys
from the Luxo test net the second tool
that will be very useful to you is ERC
725 inspect it allows you very easily to
know what is inside your Universal
profile now let's get into the repo and
into the demo
code let's clone the Repository
and do the installation
setup once you have followed the
installation process you should have an
environment file with a private key
which have funds on it so this key
relayer private key is the key that was
in Pink So this key is the key that will
be used to send execute relay code to
the blockchain you can use the faet in
order to fund this
key
let's run the project by running yarn
Dev this
will generate the server
and here we see that the server was
successfully started at Locos
3000 so now we can um use the script in
order to execute a relay call or deploy
a universal profile first let's start by
executing a relay
call
in the script execute relay a call we
see that we need
to give two parameters in input the
first parameter is the universal profile
address on which we want to execute this
relay and then it's the user private key
this private key is the key that was in
gold in the slide before this key
doesn't need any fund it only needs to
have permission on the universal profile
in order to execute the ABI
payload in this script as we don't fill
in the input parameters any API a
default set data AI will be executed in
our on our Universal
profile you can find this ABI uh in the
jate body execute. TS
file it's this one so this is the AI
that will be executed on the universal
Pro profile it's a set data transaction
and it will set this default lsb3
profile
data as we want to execute a set data
transaction on the universal profile we
need to make sure that the user private
key has set data permission on the
universal
profile so now let's execute the script
and see if the lsb3 profile that are
correctly set set on our Universal
profile to execute the
script we will
run yarn run
execute here we see that the execute
relay call request is being sent to the
blockchain by the service
relayer this execute relay call request
is signed by this wallet
address
and here we have that the transaction
was successfully sent and we see that
our transaction was
successful then we can see on ERC 725
inspect if the LSP profile metadata were
correctly set on our Universal
profile so let's go on ERC 725
inspect and here paste the contract
address here is the universal profile
address address on which we executed the
relay
call and here we can see everything that
is on this Universal
profile we see in lsb3 profile that here
we have the lsb3 profile metadata that
we wanted to set on it so the execute
relay C transaction was successfully
executed
now let's deploy a universal profile
with the script so the input parameters
are a list of controllers addresses with
permissions and lsb3 profile metadata to
set on the deployed Universal
profile so let's get into more detail on
what does these list of controller means
so once the universal profile will be
deployed we want to set controller
addresses on it with very specific
permission in order to to encode and
encode this permission we can also use
ERC 725 inspect I will do this here to
show you how to do it on your c725
inspect there is this key manager
permission page where you can paste the
permissions and then it will decode for
you the
permission that it corresponds to here
we can see that this corresponds to a
set data
permission so once the universal profile
will be deployed it will have a
controller with this address that will
have the s data permission on
it it will also have this address which
will have other permissions on it and
also this address with these permissions
and finally it will be deployed with
this lsb3 profile
metadata so let's run the script deploy
up in order to deploy a universal
profile and check if it was deployed
with a COR correct
inputs for this we run the script yarn
run deploy
up and let's see so now the relayer
received a request to deploy a universal
profile and here we see that the
universal profile was successfully
deployed and here is the transaction
hash on the Block Explorer it was
successful and we can inspect the
universal
profile on RC 725 inspect so if we go to
the LSP 6 address permission here we see
that this Universal profile was deployed
with three addresses as controllers this
is what we decided and let's check that
each of these addresses have the correct
permissions so for this I will use the
data fetcher here I will paste the
universal profile
address and here I want to inspect the
address permission for a specific
address here I will paste the address of
the
controller omitting the two first
bytes and I want to get the data and
here we see that the permissions that
this address have on the universal
profile is only set data and this is
what we were
expecting you can find more information
on how each parameters is generated in
the read me please go through there in
detail as it will give you better
Insight on how each endpoint works and
how a transaction execute relay call or
a deploy Universal profile is executed
through the relayer finally I thought
about some ideas for the hackathon that
could be nice to uh discuss about the
nons management system so in this
implementation of the rayer there is
just one key that that signs and send
the transaction to the blockchain
however if there was just one key the
relayer will be a very slow system so
ideally we want several keys that are
signing and sending transaction uh to
the blockchain in parallel but for this
we need to have a good non management of
each
Keys then another idea was the batch of
transaction in order to reduce the cost
of gas fee the relayer could send users
transaction in batch this has the
advantages of reducing the gas fee but
also on the other side disadvantages so
for example uh we could not send um the
transaction hash back to the user for
each transaction that they want to make
and also if one of the transaction would
happen to fail then the whole batch of
transaction would
fail and finally another idea would be
link to the quota
management how does user would uh pay or
retribute to the service relater for
paying their transaction fees uh would
they pay on a monthly basis or would um
it be another system that pay for the
user I think uh in this subject uh we
can be very creative on how to manage
quota so this is something definitely
worth uh thinking about so thank you
very much for having followed this work
work shop I it was really a pleasure for
me to present my work on the relayer
don't hesitate if you have any question
to come up to me on Discord I will do my
best to answer all your
questions I wish you the best of luck
for the hackathon and I'm very very
excited to see all the project that you
will come up with and hopefully in the
future we can collaborate together and
create and build very cool stuff on the
looks of
blockchain

  

<file>  
## path: /.env.example  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/.env.example  

~~~  
HOST=0.0.0.0
PORT=3000
RPC_ENDPOINT=https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network
CHAIN_ID=4201
RELAYER_BASE_URL=http://0.0.0.0:3000

RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY=  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /README.md  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/README.md  

# Relayer Example

[Slides](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HY87a4yj06YxAg7FyTPnfXq0PxOkng93/view?usp=sharing) of the workshop presentation.

## ⛽️ Description

A Service Relayer allows to send transactions on behalf of users to cover their gas costs.

## 🚀 Installation

To begin sending transaction with the Relayer create a `.env` file to hold configuration parameters:

```sh
cp .env.example .env
```

- `RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY` : Used by the relayer to send the transaction to the blockchain on behalf of the user. Need to be funded with sufficient LYX balance to execute transactions on the blockchain.
  To fund this key use the [faucet](https://faucet.testnet.lukso.network)

Install dependencies

```sh
yarn
```

Run the project

```sh
yarn dev
```

This command will generate the types of the smart contracts and start the server at default address `http://0.0.0.0:3000`

## 📝 Scripts

### Execute relay call

Parameters to set:

```json
{
  "universalProfileAddress": "0xda09F6F4acC07647C275319A7176A2D96E7cbA5c", //Universal Profile on which you want to execute the transaction.

  "userPrivateKey": "0x04a3042380a01c4600df3cd06a86755f51426493d8a0ba12118f47f64d84471e", //Private key to sign the executeRelayCall transaction. It needs permission on the Universal Profile to execute the given transaction. It doesnt need to have LYX on it.

  "abi": "0x.." // optional. The abi-encoded transaction data (e.g: a function call on the Universal Default value: SET_DATA abi-encoded transaction.
}
```

⚠️ Update from the oral prensentation: The parameters are loaded from the json file directly. <file-name.json> needs to be located in the same folder as the execute.ts file.

Execute the script :

```sh
yarn run execute <file-name.json>
```

Find more information on this script : `scripts/execute-relay-call/execute.ts`

### Deploy a Universal Profile

Parameters to set :

```json
{
  "controllers": [
    {
      "address": "0x479a0BD32ba791E92d8bF9BF263eF63780182645",
      "permissions": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000040000"
    }
  ], // A list of controller addresses with permissions to be set on the deployed Universal Profile.

  "lsp3ProfileMetadata": "0x.." //optional. LSP3 Metadata to set on the deployed Universal Profile.
}
```

Encode and decode permissions: [ERC725-Inspect](https://erc725-inspect.lukso.tech/key-manager)

Execute the script:

⚠️ Update from the oral prensentation: The parameters are loaded from the json file directly. <file-name.json> needs to be located in the same folder as the execute.ts file.

```sh
yarn run deploy-up <file-name.json>
```

Find more information on this script : `scripts/deploy-up/deploy-up.ts`

## 🛞 Endpoints

### POST `/execute`

Executes a transaction on behalf of a user using `executeRelayCall` function of the Key Manager owning the user's Universal Profile.

#### Request body

```json
{
  "address": "0xBB645D97B0c7D101ca0d73131e521fe89B463BFD",
  "transaction": {
    "abi": "0x7f23690c5ef83ad9559033e6e941db7d7c495acdce616347d28e90c7ce47cbfcfcad3bc5000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000596f357c6aa5a21984a83b7eef4cb0720ac1fcf5a45e9d84c653d97b71bbe89b7a728c386a697066733a2f2f516d624b43744b4d7573376741524470617744687a32506a4e36616f64346b69794e436851726d3451437858454b00000000000000",
    "signature": "0x43c958b1729586749169599d7e776f18afc6223c7da21107161477d291d497973b4fc50a724b1b2ab98f3f8cf1d5cdbbbdf3512e4fbfbdc39732229a15beb14a1b",
    "nonce": 1,
    "validityTimestamps": "0x0000000000000000000000006420f3f000000000000000000000000065ec82d0"
  }
}
```

- `address` - The address of the Universal Profile.
- `transaction` - An object containing the transaction parameters which will be executed with `executeRelayCall`.
  - `abi` - The abi-encoded transaction data (_e.g: a function call on the Universal Profile smart contract_) which will be passed as the payload parameter to the `executeRelayCall` function.
  - `signature` - The signed message. See section below for how to construct the signature.
  - `nonce` - The nonce of the user key signing the transaction. Fetched by calling `getNonce(address address, uint128 channelId)` on the LSP6 KeyManager contract of the Universal Profile.
  - `validityTimestamps` (optional) - Two concatenated `uint128` timestamps which indicate a time duration for which the transaction will be considered valid. If no validityTimestamps parameter is passed the relayer should assume that validityTimestamps is `0` and the transaction will be valid indefinitely until it is executed.

#### Response

The transaction hash of the executeRelayCall transaction.

```json
{
  "transactionHash": "0xBB645D97B0c7D101ca0d73131e521fe89B463BFD"
}
```

#### 🖋️ Specification to construct the executeRelayCall signature

##### Construct the message

```typescript
const message = ethers.utils.solidityPack(
  ["uint256", "uint256", "uint256", "uint256", "uint256", "bytes"],
  [
    25, //LSP25 Version
    "4201", //Chain Id
    { _hex: "0x0c", _isBigNumber: true }, //Nonce of the user signing key
    0, //Validity Timestamps
    0, //Amount of native tokens to transfer (in Wei)
    0x7f23690ccafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafecafe00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000400000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004cafecafe00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000, //Abi payload
  ]
);
```

##### Sign the message

_Important_ : The message must be signed by a key belonging to the user that has permissions on the Universal Profile in order to execute the abi payload. This key doesn't need LYX.

[EIP191 signer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@lukso/eip191-signer.js) library is used to generate the signature using the function `signDataWithIntendedValidator`.

```typescript
const eip191Signer = new EIP191Signer();

const { signature } = eip191Signer.signDataWithIntendedValidator(
  keyManagerAddress, // Key Manager of the Universal Profile
  message, // Constructed message as shown in the section above
  privateKey // User key with permissions on the Universal Profile
);
```

#### 🌉 Transaction Gate

This implementation of the relayer can only process one transaction at a time. To prevent nonce reuse errors, a transaction gate is implemented which will block incoming transactions if there is already a transaction pending.

### POST `/universal-profile`

Deploy a Universal Profile with given controller addresses and LSP3 Metadata. Universal Profiles will by default be deployed with a Universal Receiver Delegate.

```json
{
  "controllers": [
    {
      "address": "0x479a0BD32ba791E92d8bF9BF263eF63780182645",
      "permissions": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000040000"
    },
    {
      "address": "0xDD06fC1f047103ea047654c57C6f6F754E91CD24",
      "permissions": "0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003f3f7f"
    }
  ],
  "lsp3ProfileMetadata": "0x6f357c6ae8b1db2db7ce8a555019ab31c557e9934145c0baa7fdae3f1a131e736d3d4e8e697066733a2f2f516d583543365939614a35646879697533546446704b6258797653434345386a435477514436374743784d705a31"
}
```

- `controllers` - The addresses and permissions to set on the deployed Universal Profile. In order to encode and decode permissions you can use [ERC725 Inspect](https://erc725-inspect.lukso.tech/key-manager)
- `lsp3ProfileMetadata` - optional. LSP3 Metadata to set on the deployed Universal Profile.

#### Response

```json
{
  "universalProfileAddress": "0x8303Aa4dAD1825e524868E4224020f04D2446db5",
  "transactionHash": "0x58b473fef1c52da3ff32d77d11da15079ca12d1688db3b431d0a12cb3a600f56"
}
```

#### 🆙 How the deployement of a Universal Profile works.

Deploying a Universal Profile requires to deploy smart contracts that need to interact with each others. The steps are the following :

1. 👤 Deploying a ERC725Account contract
2. 🔑 Deploying a LSP6 Key Manager and linking it to the previously deployed ERC725Account contract
3. 🎨 Optional : Setting additional data on the deployed ERC725Account contract like a Universal Receiver Delegate or LSP3 Metadata.

LSP23 standard is used in oder to deploy these contracts interdependently but also linked together as some contracts require other contracts addresses at the time of their deployment. LSP23 manages this by deploying a primary contract (in our case an ERC725Account contract) and a secondary contracts (in our case a LSP6 Key Manager contract), linking them together.

To use the LSP23 standard, one can interact with the LSP23LinkedContractsFactory deployed on LUKSO Testnet at address: `0x2300000A84D25dF63081feAa37ba6b62C4c89a30`.

In this repository, I used LSP23 to deploy ERC1167 minimal proxies with the following base contract addresses:

```typescript
universalProfileInitAddress = "0x0000000000e6300463CDbbF7ECF223a63397C489";
keyManagerInitAddress = "0x000000000A6cAE9b1bB3d9DA92BFf3569b77707E";
postDeploymentModuleAddress = "0x000000000066093407b6704B89793beFfD0D8F00";
```

In this relayer implementation, the Post Deployment Module sets the following data on the deployed Universal Profile:

- A Universal Receiver Delegate deployed on LUKSO Testnet at address `0xA20454137b47440C71fE4DD203D25D69F0b34535`
- Optional : LSP3 Profile Metadata if passed by the user as parameter.

More detailed information on [LSP23-LinkedContractsFactory](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-23-LinkedContractsFactory.md#deployerc1167proxies)

## 👀 Notes

This relayer doesn't implement the `/quota` endpoint standardized in the [LSP15-TransactionRelayServiceAPI](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-15-TransactionRelayServiceAPI.md). You can find an example of this endpoint in this [repository](https://github.com/CallumGrindle/dummy-transaction-relayer) made by Callum Grindle which shows another example of a relayer service.

In version `0.12` of `@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts` library, `userPrivateKey` will need to have permission `EXECUTE_RELAY_CALL` on the Universal Profile.

## 🪩 Ideas for hackaton

### Nonce management

Nonce management systems to allow the relayer to process concurrent transaction. Multiple keys can sign transactions in parallel.

### Batch transaction

Send transaction to the blockchain in batch using `executeRelayCallBatch` function.

Advantages:

- Reduce cost of gas fee

Disadvantages:

- If one transaction fails from the batch then the whole batch fails.
- Users can receive the transaction hash of their transaction.

### Quota management

Manage user's quota.

- How users retribute the relayer.
- How / when quota is refilled.
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /package.json  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/package.json  

~~~  
{
  "name": "relayer-example",
  "version": "0.0.1",
  "description": "Example relayer for LUKSO workshop.",
  "main": "app.ts",
  "author": "Magali Morin",
  "scripts": {
    "generate-types": "typechain --target ethers-v5 --out-dir 'types/ethers-v5' './node_modules/@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/*.json'",
    "dev": "yarn run generate-types && npx nodemon -r dotenv/config src/app.ts",
    "build": "tsc -p tsconfig.json",
    "execute": "npx ts-node scripts/execute-relay-call/execute.ts",
    "deploy-up": "npx ts-node scripts/deploy-up/deploy-up.ts"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@lukso/eip191-signer.js": "^0.2.2",
    "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts": "^0.11.1",
    "@types/express": "^4.17.16",
    "@types/node": "^18.11.18",
    "axios": "^1.4.0",
    "dotenv": "^16.0.3",
    "ethers": "5.6.2",
    "express": "^4.18.2",
    "http-status": "^1.6.2",
    "typescript": "^4.9.5",
    "winston": "^3.8.2"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@typechain/ethers-v5": "^10.2.0",
    "@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin": "^5.50.0",
    "@typescript-eslint/parser": "^5.50.0",
    "eslint": "^8.33.0",
    "eslint-config-prettier": "^8.6.0",
    "eslint-import-resolver-typescript": "^3.5.3",
    "eslint-plugin-import": "^2.27.5",
    "eslint-plugin-prettier": "^4.2.1",
    "eslint-plugin-unicorn": "^45.0.2",
    "nodemon": "^2.0.20",
    "ts-node": "^10.9.1",
    "typechain": "^8.1.1"
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/deploy-up/deploy-up.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/scripts/deploy-up/deploy-up.ts  

~~~  
/**
 * This script deploys a Universal Profiles based on the inputs variable.
 * An example of the structure of the inputs can be found in scripts/deploy-up/example-up-inputs.json.
 * It needs to be of type DeployUpRequest.
 *
 * Parameters :
 *&nbsp;controllers&nbsp; : A list of controller addresses with permissions to be set on the deployed Universal Profile.
 *&nbsp;lsp3ProfileMetadata&nbsp;: optional. LSP3 Metadata to set on the deployed Universal Profile.
 *
 * ⚠️ Update from the oral prensentation: The parameters are loaded from the json file directly.
 * To execute the script:
 * &nbsp;yarn run deploy-up example-up-inputs.json&nbsp;
 *
 * The file example-up-inputs.json needs to be in the same folder as deploy-up.ts file.
 *
 * - The script will deploy a Universal Profile with controller addresses from the example-up-inputs.json file
 * and assign then the permissions you set.
 * e.g. If in the file example-up-inputs.json you set in the controllers array :
 *    {
 *     "address": "0x479a0BD32ba791E92d8bF9BF263eF63780182645",
 *    "permissions": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000040000"
 *    }
 * Then, the address 0x479a0BD32ba791E92d8bF9BF263eF63780182645 will have SET_DATA permission on the UP.
 * In order to encode and decode permission you can use : &nbsp;https://erc725-inspect.lukso.tech/key-manager&nbsp;
 *
 * - The script will set a Universal Receiver Delegate on the deployed Universal Profile.
 *
 * - If you provide lsp3ProfileMetadata in the example-inputs file, the script will set LSP3 metadata on the deployed Universal Profile.
 *
 */

import axios from "axios";
import {
  CHAIN_ID,
  RELAYER_BASE_URL,
  RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY,
} from "../../src/globals";
import { DeployUpRequest, DeployUpResponse } from "../../src/interface";

const fileName = process.argv[2];

const checkInputVariables = async () => {
  if (!fileName) {
    throw new Error(
      "Please specify the file name containing the deploy-up parameters."
    );
  }
  const filePath = "./" + fileName;
  console.log("📁 Loading deploy-up parameters from path:", filePath);
  const inputs: DeployUpRequest = await import(filePath);

  if (!inputs?.controllers) {
    throw new Error("No controllers provided in the inputs variable.");
  }

  inputs.controllers.forEach((controller) => {
    if (!controller?.address || !controller?.permissions) {
      throw new Error("Invalid input parameters for controllers.");
    }
  });

  return inputs;
};

const checkEnvVariables = () => {
  if (!RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY) {
    throw new Error("No RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY provided.");
  }
  if (!CHAIN_ID) {
    throw new Error("No CHAIN_ID provided.");
  }
};

const main = async () => {
  const inputs = await checkInputVariables();
  checkEnvVariables();

  let response;
  try {
    console.log("⏳ Sending Universal Profile deployment request ...");
    response = await axios.post(
      RELAYER_BASE_URL + "/universal-profile",
      inputs
    );

    const { universalProfileAddress, transactionHash, keyManagerAddress } =
      response?.data as DeployUpResponse;

    console.log(
      &nbsp;🎉 Successfully sent transaction: https://explorer.execution.testnet.lukso.network/tx/${transactionHash}&nbsp;
    );
    console.log(
      &nbsp;🆙 Universal Profile deployed at address ${universalProfileAddress} with 🔑 Key Manager ${keyManagerAddress}&nbsp;
    );
  } catch (error: any) {
    console.log(
      &nbsp;❌ Error executing /universal-profile endpoint: ${error?.response?.data?.message}&nbsp;
    );
    return;
  }
};

main()
  .then(() => {
    console.log("✅Done.");
  })
  .catch((error: any) => {
    console.log("❌", error);
  });
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/deploy-up/example-up-inputs.json  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/scripts/deploy-up/example-up-inputs.json  

~~~  
{
  "controllers": [
    {
      "address": "0x479a0BD32ba791E92d8bF9BF263eF63780182645",
      "permissions": "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000040000"
    },
    {
      "address": "0xDD06fC1f047103ea047654c57C6f6F754E91CD24",
      "permissions": "0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003f3f7f"
    },
    {
      "address": "0x55535425c795C972b2723492e76f0c8D61dBFFB4",
      "permissions": "0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003f3f7f"
    }
  ],
  "lsp3ProfileMetadata": "0x6f357c6ae8b1db2db7ce8a555019ab31c557e9934145c0baa7fdae3f1a131e736d3d4e8e697066733a2f2f516d583543365939614a35646879697533546446704b6258797653434345386a435477514436374743784d705a31"
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/execute-relay-call/constants.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/scripts/execute-relay-call/constants.ts  

~~~  
export const DEFAULT_LSP3_PROFILE_DATA =
  "0x6f357c6a3e2e3b435dd1ee4b8a2435722ee5533ea3f6cf6cb44c7fc278ac57ea1480295e697066733a2f2f516d5861714d67646971664b7931384373574768534a4c62626136316f6676666857387175506e6e6a6e76625966";
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/execute-relay-call/example-execute-inputs.json  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/scripts/execute-relay-call/example-execute-inputs.json  

~~~  
{
  "universalProfileAddress": "0xda09F6F4acC07647C275319A7176A2D96E7cbA5c",
  "userPrivateKey": "0x04a3042380a01c4600df3cd06a86755f51426493d8a0ba12118f47f64d84471e"
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/execute-relay-call/execute.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/scripts/execute-relay-call/execute.ts  

~~~  
/**
 * This script executes a relay call on a Universal Profile based on the inputs variable.
 * An example of the structure of the inputs can be found in scripts/execute-relay-call/example-execute-inputs.json. It needs to be of type ExecuteRequest.
 *
 * Parameters :
 *&nbsp;universalProfileAddress&nbsp; : Universal Profile on which you want to execute an abi.
 *&nbsp;userPrivateKey&nbsp; : private key to sign the executeRelayCall message. This key needs to have permission on the universalProfileAddress to execute the payload. This key doesnt need to have LYX on it.
 *&nbsp;abi&nbsp;: optional. An abi to execute on the universal profile. By default, a SET_DATA will be executed.
 *
 * IMPORTANT : If you don't specify an abi parameters in the inputs variable, make sure the userPrivateKey has SET_DATA
 * permission on the Universal Profile as by default a SET_DATA transaction will be executed as the execute relay call.
 *
 * ⚠️ Update from the oral prensentation: The parameters are loaded from the json file directly.
 * To execute the script:
 * &nbsp;yarn run execute example-execute-inputs.json&nbsp;
 *
 * The file example-execute-inputs.json needs to be in the same folder as execute.ts file.
 *
 * It is important that the userPrivateKey in the inputs has permissions to execute the payload you want on the Universal Profile.
 * e.g. if you choose to execute a payload that TRANSFER_VALUE on the Universal Profile then the user private key needs TRANSFER_VALUE permission.
 *
 */

import axios from "axios";
import {
  CHAIN_ID,
  RELAYER_BASE_URL,
  RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY,
} from "../../src/globals";
import { generateExecuteParameters } from "./generate-body-execute";
import { ExecuteRequest } from "../../src/interface";

const fileName = process.argv[2];

const checkInputVariables = async () => {
  if (!fileName) {
    throw new Error(
      "Please specify the file name containing the execute parameters."
    );
  }
  const filePath = "./" + fileName;
  console.log("📁 Loading execute parameters from path:", filePath);
  const inputs: ExecuteRequest = await import(filePath);

  if (!inputs?.universalProfileAddress) {
    throw new Error(
      "No universalProfileAddress provided in the inputs variable."
    );
  }

  if (!inputs?.userPrivateKey) {
    throw new Error("No userPrivateKey provided in the inputs variable.");
  }

  return inputs;
};

const checkEnvVariables = () => {
  if (!RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY) {
    throw new Error("No RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY provided.");
  }

  if (!CHAIN_ID) {
    throw new Error("No CHAIN_ID provided.");
  }
};

const main = async () => {
  const inputs = await checkInputVariables();
  checkEnvVariables();

  const body = await generateExecuteParameters(
    inputs.universalProfileAddress,
    inputs.userPrivateKey,
    inputs?.abi
  );

  let response;
  try {
    console.log("⏳ Sending Execute Relay Call request ...");
    response = await axios.post(RELAYER_BASE_URL + "/execute", body);
  } catch (error: any) {
    console.log(&nbsp;❌ Error executing /execute endpoint&nbsp;);
    error?.response?.data?.message && console.log(error.response.data.message);
    return;
  }

  console.log(
    &nbsp;🎉 Successfully sent transaction: https://explorer.execution.testnet.lukso.network/tx/${response.data.transactionHash}&nbsp;
  );
};

main()
  .then(() => {
    console.log("✅Done.");
  })
  .catch((error: any) => {
    console.log("❌", error);
  });
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /scripts/execute-relay-call/generate-body-execute.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/scripts/execute-relay-call/generate-body-execute.ts  

~~~  
import { BigNumber, Wallet, ethers } from "ethers";
import { getProvider } from "../../src/libs/ethers.service";
import {
  LSP6KeyManager__factory,
  UniversalProfile__factory,
} from "../../types/ethers-v5";
import { EIP191Signer } from "@lukso/eip191-signer.js";
import { CHAIN_ID } from "../../src/globals";
import { ERC725YDataKeys } from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts";
import { DEFAULT_LSP3_PROFILE_DATA } from "./constants";

export const generateExecuteParameters = async (
  universalProfileAddress: string,
  userPrivateKey: string,
  abi?: string
) => {
  const provider = getProvider();

  const universalProfile = UniversalProfile__factory.connect(
    universalProfileAddress,
    provider
  );
  console.log(&nbsp;🆙 Universal Profile address : ${universalProfileAddress}&nbsp;);

  const keyManagerAddress = await universalProfile.owner();
  console.log(&nbsp;🔑 Key Manager address : ${keyManagerAddress}&nbsp;);

  const keyManager = LSP6KeyManager__factory.connect(
    keyManagerAddress,
    provider
  );

  const wallet = new Wallet(userPrivateKey, provider);
  const walletAddress = wallet.address;
  console.log(&nbsp;💳 Wallet address signing transaction : ${walletAddress}&nbsp;);

  let nonce: BigNumber;
  try {
    nonce = await keyManager.getNonce(walletAddress, 0); //Use of channel 0
  } catch (error) {
    throw new Error(
      &nbsp;❌ Error while fetching nonce of the Key Manager. ${error}&nbsp;
    );
  }

  if (!abi) {
    abi = universalProfile.interface.encodeFunctionData("setData", [
      ERC725YDataKeys.LSP3.LSP3Profile,
      DEFAULT_LSP3_PROFILE_DATA,
    ]);
  }

  const validityTimestamps = 0;

  const message = ethers.utils.solidityPack(
    ["uint256", "uint256", "uint256", "uint256", "uint256", "bytes"],
    [
      25, // LSP25 Version
      CHAIN_ID,
      nonce,
      validityTimestamps,
      0, // the amount of native tokens to transfer (in Wei)
      abi,
    ]
  );

  const eip191Signer = new EIP191Signer();
  const { signature } = eip191Signer.signDataWithIntendedValidator(
    keyManagerAddress,
    message,
    userPrivateKey // This address needs permissions on the universalProfileAddress
  );

  const transactionObject = {
    abi,
    signature: signature,
    nonce, // Nonce has to be a Big number
    validityTimestamps,
  };

  return {
    address: universalProfileAddress,
    transaction: transactionObject,
  };
};
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/app.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/app.ts  

~~~  
import express, { Express, Request, Response } from "express";
import http from "http";
import { AddressInfo } from "net";
import executeController from "./execute-relay-call/execute.controller";
import deployUpController from "./deploy-up/deploy-up.controller";

const host = process.env.HOST || "0.0.0.0";
const port = process.env.PORT || "3000";

const createApp = () => {
  const app: Express = express();

  // Configure the app to be able to receive different types of payload
  app.use(express.urlencoded({ extended: true }));
  app.use(express.json());

  // Security : do not display the technology used to power the server
  app.disable("x-powered-by");

  app.get("/health", (_req: Request, res: Response) => {
    res.send("Backend is running.");
  });

  return app;
};

const startServer = () => {
  const app = createApp();

  app.use("/", executeController);
  app.use("/", deployUpController);

  const server = http.createServer(app).listen({ host, port }, () => {
    const serverInfo = server.address() as AddressInfo;

    console.log(
      &nbsp;✅ Server successfully started at http://${serverInfo.address}:${serverInfo.port}&nbsp;
    );
  });

  const signalTraps: NodeJS.Signals[] = ["SIGTERM", "SIGINT", "SIGUSR2"];
  signalTraps.forEach((type) => {
    process.once(type, async () => {
      console.log(&nbsp;process.once ${type}&nbsp;);
      server.close(() => {
        console.log("Closing server.");
      });
    });
  });
};

startServer();
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/deploy-up/deploy-up.controller.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/deploy-up/deploy-up.controller.ts  

~~~  
import express, { Request, Response } from "express";
import { DeployUpRequest, ExecutePayload } from "../interface";
import httpStatus from "http-status";
import { deployUpWithKm } from "./deploy-up.service";

const deployUpController = express.Router();

const deployUp = async (req: Request, res: Response) => {
  const { controllers, lsp3ProfileMetadata } = req.body as DeployUpRequest;

  try {
    const response = await deployUpWithKm(controllers, lsp3ProfileMetadata);
    res.send({
      universalProfileAddress: response?.universalProfileAddress,
      transactionHash: response?.transactionHash,
      keyManagerAddress: response?.keyManagerAddress,
    });
  } catch (error: any) {
    console.log("❌ An error occured when executing transaction.", error);

    res.status(httpStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR).send("Internal Server Error");
  }
};

deployUpController.post("/universal-profile", deployUp);

export default deployUpController;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/deploy-up/deploy-up.service.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/deploy-up/deploy-up.service.ts  

~~~  
import { ERC725YDataKeys } from "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts";
import { BigNumber, Wallet } from "ethers";
import {
  BytesLike,
  defaultAbiCoder,
  hexZeroPad,
  randomBytes,
} from "ethers/lib/utils";

// types
import {
  LSP23LinkedContractsFactory__factory,
  LSP6KeyManagerInit__factory,
  UniversalProfileInit__factory,
} from "../../types/ethers-v5";
import { RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY } from "../globals";
import { getProvider } from "../libs/ethers.service";
import { Controllers } from "../interface";

/// ------ DO NOT CHNAGE ------
const lsp23Address = "0x2300000A84D25dF63081feAa37ba6b62C4c89a30";
const upPostDeploymentModuleAddress =
  "0x000000000066093407b6704B89793beFfD0D8F00";

const universalProfileInitAddress =
  "0x0000000000e6300463CDbbF7ECF223a63397C489";
const keyManagerInitAddress = "0x000000000A6cAE9b1bB3d9DA92BFf3569b77707E";
const universalReceiverDelegateAddress =
  "0xA20454137b47440C71fE4DD203D25D69F0b34535";
/// ---------------------------

export const deployUpWithKm = async (
  controllers: Controllers[],
  lsp3ProfileMetadata?: string
) => {
  /// ------ Contract Instance for the &nbsp;LSP23LinkedContractsFactory&nbsp; ------
  const LSP23LinkedContractsFactory =
    new LSP23LinkedContractsFactory__factory().attach(lsp23Address);
  /// ---------------------------------------------------------------------

  /// ------ Contract Instance for the &nbsp;UniversalProfileInit&nbsp; ------
  const universalProfileInit = new UniversalProfileInit__factory().attach(
    universalProfileInitAddress
  );
  /// ---------------------------------------------------------------------

  /// ------ Contract Instance for the &nbsp;LSP6KeyManagerInit&nbsp; ------
  const keyManagerInit = new LSP6KeyManagerInit__factory().attach(
    keyManagerInitAddress
  );
  /// ---------------------------------------------------------------------

  /// ------ Generate Random Salt for Universal Profile deployment (we can also use custom salt) ------
  const salt = randomBytes(32);
  /// -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  /// ------ Data for Universal Profile deployment ------
  const primaryContractDeploymentInit = {
    salt,
    fundingAmount: 0,
    implementationContract: universalProfileInit.address,
    initializationCalldata: universalProfileInit.interface.encodeFunctionData(
      "initialize",
      [upPostDeploymentModuleAddress]
    ),
  };
  /// ---------------------------------------------------

  /// ------ Data for Key Manager deployment ------
  const secondaryContractDeploymentInit = {
    fundingAmount: 0,
    implementationContract: keyManagerInit.address,
    addPrimaryContractAddress: true,
    initializationCalldata:
      universalProfileInit.interface.getSighash("initialize"),
    extraInitializationParams: "0x",
  };
  /// ---------------------------------------------------

  /// ------ Encode Data Keys & Values for updating permissions & LSP3Metadata ------

  const controllerKeys = controllers.flatMap((controller, index) => [
    ERC725YDataKeys.LSP6["AddressPermissions[]"].index +
      hexZeroPad(BigNumber.from(index).toHexString(), 16).slice(2), //Key of the controller address index

    ERC725YDataKeys.LSP6["AddressPermissions:Permissions"] +
      controller.address.slice(2), // Key of the controller address permission
  ]);

  const controllerValues = controllers.flatMap((controller) => [
    controller.address,
    controller.permissions,
  ]);

  const data = [
    {
      key: ERC725YDataKeys.LSP1.LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate,
      value: universalReceiverDelegateAddress,
    },
  ];

  if (lsp3ProfileMetadata) {
    data.push({
      key: ERC725YDataKeys.LSP3.LSP3Profile,
      value: lsp3ProfileMetadata,
    });
  }

  const dataKeys = data ? data.map(({ key }) => key) : [];
  const dataValues = data ? data.map(({ value }) => value) : [];

  const encodedSetData = defaultAbiCoder.encode(
    ["bytes32[]", "bytes[]"],
    [
      [
        ERC725YDataKeys.LSP6["AddressPermissions[]"].length,
        ...controllerKeys,
        ...dataKeys,
      ],
      [
        hexZeroPad(BigNumber.from(controllers.length).toHexString(), 16),
        ...controllerValues,
        ...dataValues,
      ],
    ]
  );
  /// -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  const provider = getProvider();
  const signer = new Wallet(RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY, provider);

  /// ------ Pre-calculate the addresses for the Universal Profile & Key Manager ------
  const [universalProfileAddress, keyManagerAddress] =
    await LSP23LinkedContractsFactory.connect(
      signer
    ).callStatic.deployERC1167Proxies(
      primaryContractDeploymentInit,
      secondaryContractDeploymentInit,
      upPostDeploymentModuleAddress,
      encodedSetData
    );

  console.log(
    &nbsp;🆙 Deploying Universal Profile at address ${universalProfileAddress} with 🔑Key Manager ${keyManagerAddress}...&nbsp;
  );
  /// ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  /// ------ Deploy the Universal Profile & Key Manager ------
  const deploymentTransaction = await LSP23LinkedContractsFactory.connect(
    signer
  ).deployERC1167Proxies(
    primaryContractDeploymentInit,
    secondaryContractDeploymentInit,
    upPostDeploymentModuleAddress,
    encodedSetData
  );
  /// --------------------------------------------------------

  console.log(
    &nbsp;🎉 Transaction sent https://explorer.execution.testnet.lukso.network/tx/${deploymentTransaction.hash}&nbsp;
  );

  await deploymentTransaction.wait(1);

  return {
    universalProfileAddress,
    keyManagerAddress,
    transactionHash: deploymentTransaction.hash,
  };
};
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/execute-relay-call/execute.controller.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/execute-relay-call/execute.controller.ts  

~~~  
import express, { Request, Response } from "express";
import { ExecutePayload } from "../interface";
import httpStatus from "http-status";
import { executeTransaction } from "./execute.service";

const executeController = express.Router();

const execute = async (req: Request, res: Response) => {
  const { address, transaction } = req.body as ExecutePayload;

  try {
    const transactionHash = await executeTransaction(address, transaction);
    res.send({ transactionHash });
  } catch (error: any) {
    console.log(
      "❌ An error occured when executing transaction.",
      error?.message
    );
    if (error?.message.includes("Transaction in progress")) {
      res
        .status(httpStatus.TOO_MANY_REQUESTS)
        .send({ message: error?.message });
      return;
    }

    res.status(httpStatus.INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR).send("Internal Server Error");
  }
};

executeController.post("/execute", execute);

export default executeController;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/execute-relay-call/execute.service.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/execute-relay-call/execute.service.ts  

~~~  
import { BigNumber, ethers } from "ethers";
import {
  LSP6KeyManager__factory,
  UniversalProfile__factory,
  LSP6KeyManagerInit__factory,
} from "../../types/ethers-v5";

import { getProvider } from "../libs/ethers.service";
import { TransactionParameters } from "../interface";
import { transactionGate, waitForTransaction } from "../libs/listener.service";
import { signTransaction } from "../libs/signer.service";

export const executeTransaction = async (
  address: string,
  transaction: TransactionParameters
) => {
  console.log(&nbsp;📥 Received execute request for Universal Profile ${address}&nbsp;);

  transactionGate();

  const { signature, nonce, abi, validityTimestamps } = transaction;

  const provider = getProvider();
  const lsp6Interface = LSP6KeyManagerInit__factory.createInterface();

  const universalProfile = UniversalProfile__factory.connect(address, provider);
  const keyManagerAddress = await universalProfile.owner();
  const keyManager = LSP6KeyManager__factory.connect(
    keyManagerAddress,
    provider
  );

  let gasLimit: BigNumber;
  try {
    gasLimit = await keyManager.estimateGas.executeRelayCall(
      transaction.signature,
      transaction.nonce,
      validityTimestamps,
      transaction.abi
    );
  } catch (error) {
    gasLimit = BigNumber.from(3000000);
    console.log(
      "⏭️ Unable to estimate gas. Setting default value to gas Limit"
    );
  }

  const transactionData = lsp6Interface.encodeFunctionData("executeRelayCall", [
    signature,
    nonce,
    validityTimestamps,
    abi,
  ]);

  const signedTransaction = await signTransaction(
    {
      to: keyManagerAddress,
      transactionData,
      gasLimit,
    },
    provider
  );

  let transactionResponse: ethers.providers.TransactionResponse;
  try {
    transactionResponse = await provider.sendTransaction(
      signedTransaction.signerSignature
    );
  } catch (error) {
    throw Error(&nbsp;❌ Error sending transaction to the blockchain. ${error}&nbsp;);
  }

  console.log("⏳ Waiting for transaction to be mined...");

  await waitForTransaction(transactionResponse);

  const transactionHash = ethers.utils.keccak256(
    signedTransaction.signerSignature
  );

  console.log(
    &nbsp;🎉 Successfully sent transaction: https://explorer.execution.testnet.lukso.network/tx/${transactionHash}&nbsp;
  );

  return transactionHash;
};
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/globals.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/globals.ts  

~~~  
export const RPC_ENDPOINT =
  process.env.RPC_ENDPOINT || "https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network";

export const CHAIN_ID = process.env.CHAIN_ID || "4201";

export const RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY =
  process.env.RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY ||
  "0x04a3042380a01c4600df3cd06a86755f51426493d8a0ba12118f47f64d84471e";

export const RELAYER_BASE_URL = process.env.RELAYER_BASE_URL
  ? process.env.RELAYER_BASE_URL
  : "http://0.0.0.0:3000";
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/interface.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/interface.ts  

~~~  
import { BigNumber, BytesLike } from "ethers";

export interface TransactionParameters {
  abi: string;
  signature: string;
  nonce: BigNumber;
  validityTimestamps: number;
}

export interface ExecutePayload {
  address: string;
  transaction: TransactionParameters;
}

export interface SigningRequest {
  transactionData: string;
  to: string;
  gasLimit: BigNumber;
}

export interface SigningResponse {
  signerSignature: string;
  signerAddress: string;
  nonce: number;
}
export interface DeployUpRequest {
  controllers: Controllers[];
  lsp3ProfileMetadata?: string;
}

export interface DeployUpResponse {
  universalProfileAddress: string;
  keyManagerAddress: string;
  transactionHash: string;
}

export interface ExecuteRequest {
  universalProfileAddress: string;
  userPrivateKey: string;
  abi?: string;
}

export interface Controllers {
  address: string;
  permissions: BytesLike;
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/libs/ethers.service.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/libs/ethers.service.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from "ethers";
import { RPC_ENDPOINT } from "../globals";

let provider: ethers.providers.JsonRpcProvider;

export function getProvider() {
  if (!provider) {
    provider = new ethers.providers.JsonRpcProvider(RPC_ENDPOINT);
  }

  return provider;
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/libs/listener.service.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/libs/listener.service.ts  

~~~  
import { ethers } from "ethers";

let acceptNextTransaction = true;
let currentTransactionHash: string;

export async function waitForTransaction(
  transaction: ethers.providers.TransactionResponse
) {
  acceptNextTransaction = false;
  currentTransactionHash = transaction.hash;

  await transaction.wait();

  console.log(&nbsp;⛏ Validated transaction ${transaction.hash}&nbsp;);

  acceptNextTransaction = true;
}

export function transactionGate() {
  if (!acceptNextTransaction) {
    throw new Error(
      &nbsp;Transaction in progress. Waiting until transaction ${currentTransactionHash} has been validated&nbsp;
    );
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/libs/signer.service.ts  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/src/libs/signer.service.ts  

~~~  
import { BigNumber, ethers } from "ethers";

import { getProvider } from "./ethers.service";
import { CHAIN_ID, RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY } from "../globals";
import { SigningRequest, SigningResponse } from "../interface";

let signer: ethers.Wallet;

async function getSigner() {
  const provider = getProvider();

  if (!RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY) {
    throw new Error("No signing key set");
  }

  if (!signer) {
    signer = new ethers.Wallet(RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY, provider);
  }

  return signer;
}

export async function signTransaction(
  signingRequest: SigningRequest,
  provider: ethers.providers.JsonRpcProvider
): Promise<SigningResponse> {
  const signer = await getSigner();

  let signerBalanceInWei: ethers.BigNumber;
  try {
    signerBalanceInWei = await signer.getBalance();
  } catch (error) {
    throw new Error(&nbsp;❌ Unable to get signing key balance. ${error}&nbsp;);
  }

  console.log(
    &nbsp;💰 Signer address ${
      signer?.address
    } has a balance of ${ethers.utils.formatEther(signerBalanceInWei)} LYX&nbsp;
  );

  const { to, gasLimit, transactionData } = signingRequest;

  if (Number(gasLimit) > Number(signerBalanceInWei)) {
    const errorMessage = &nbsp;😢 Insufficiant balance. Gas Limit : ${gasLimit} SignerKeyBalance : ${signerBalanceInWei}&nbsp;;
    throw new Error(errorMessage);
  }

  const signerAddress = signer.address;
  console.log(&nbsp;🖋️ Signing transaction with signing key ${signerAddress}&nbsp;);

  let signerNonce: number;
  try {
    signerNonce = await provider.getTransactionCount(signerAddress);
  } catch (error) {
    throw Error(&nbsp;❌ Unable to get signing key nonce. ${error}&nbsp;);
  }

  const transactionParameters = {
    to,
    from: signerAddress,
    nonce: signerNonce,
    gasLimit,
    value: 0,
    type: 2,
    chainId: Number.parseInt(CHAIN_ID),
    data: transactionData,
  };

  let populatedTransaction;
  try {
    populatedTransaction = await signer.populateTransaction(
      transactionParameters
    );
  } catch (error) {
    throw Error(
      &nbsp;❌ Unable to populate transaction ${transactionParameters}. ${error}&nbsp;
    );
  }

  let signerSignature: string;
  try {
    signerSignature = await signer.signTransaction(populatedTransaction);
  } catch (error) {
    throw Error(
      &nbsp;❌ Error signing transaction ${populatedTransaction}. ${error}&nbsp;
    );
  }

  return {
    signerSignature,
    signerAddress: signerAddress,
    nonce: signerNonce,
  };
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /tsconfig.json  
url: https://github.com/magalimorin18/relayer-example/blob/main/tsconfig.json  

~~~  
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "target": "es2016" /* Set the JavaScript language version for emitted JavaScript and include compatible library declarations. */,
    "module": "commonjs" /* Specify what module code is generated. */,
    "outDir": "./build" /* Specify an output folder for all emitted files. */,
    "esModuleInterop": true /* Emit additional JavaScript to ease support for importing CommonJS modules. This enables 'allowSyntheticDefaultImports' for type compatibility. */,
    "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true /* Ensure that casing is correct in imports. */,
    "strict": true /* Enable all strict type-checking options. */,
    "skipLibCheck": true /* Skip type checking all .d.ts files. */
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  
</repository>  


<repository>  
# lukso-siwe-demo  
## overview  
repository: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/  
userName: richtera  
repository: lukso-siwe-demo  
branch: main  
date: 2023-11-27T10:16:38+01:00 (1701076598)  
description:
hi I'm Andreas RoR principal engineer at
Luxo and I would like to talk about
authentication using Universal profile
and sign in with
ethereum I'd like to compare it with oo
and show what kind of Primitives you
would have to implement in order to
allow it to identify
authorize and log in a user into our
system first I'd like to discuss you
know what what is login you know why do
we need
it so essentially it's to identify the
user to give them permissions for what
they're allowed to do and to keep track
of them in terms of you know when they
make more requests to recognize them
again so they don't have to sign in
every single time they make a
request comparing it
to using normal transactions on the
blockchain you're essentially signing
one of those every single time you make
an interaction so for a
normal D you may not need authentication
but if you have some kind of backend
environment that needs to recognize the
user then authentication is a a good
thing and sign in with ethereum is
better a better way of dealing with it
than having an O provider so to define
the terms what login composes so
basically identification of the user is
to convert the user into a
unique user identity uh that may be just
a random number of bytes or it may be in
like in this case in Universal profiles
it may be the address of the
account but it can be something
Anonymous or something
personal um usually it doesn't have P ID
data in it but it's something that can
make the user known to the system some
systems even use emails
there
um then for
authorization that's basically a set of
permissions that are associated with a
user la l in so on an email system a
user might be able to read certain
folders and not read other ones and
those are permissions and they're called
authorization and session tracking
just it
explains a way to the server so that the
server can uh give the user a token and
when they come back the user sends that
token along so that the user can
reauthenticate themselves and have
access to the same permissions that they
have as they had before without this
they would have to log in every single
time they make a
request so let's talk about the identify
part and compare it to how it used to
work in oo or how it still working in
oath and kind of
compare when you compare oath to sign in
with ethereum inside of oo you have to
have a database that keeps track of
users and their
credentials and when a user logs in the
credentials are being sent to the
server username password it could be a
pass key but it's it's some kind of
information that represents the user
that the o server can look up in the
database
validate and then it can reply with an
authentication token or a code that can
then be exchanged for a token but
essentially it identifies the user
verifies them and then sends the reply
on the sign in with ethereum
side the user already
certifies the message with the private
key so there's no need to expose any
credentials on the server side the
server can validate the message
without having a database table that
keeps track of the
user now let's compare
authorization between o and uh sign in
with ethereum so those pieces could be
identical where where you would look up
the user in the database and look up the
permissions and then reply or you could
have some kind of onchain storage like a
a contract or a a key value store that
keeps track of which user has which
permissions
um since sign in with ethereum can
already prove that the user exists and
that it's a legitimate user all you need
to do is look up the permissions and and
return um a token for the user that
contains
that um alternatively you can even have
the user write those permissions in the
initial package and just validate that
they indeed should get those
permissions in terms of session tracking
things are pretty much very
similar um if you're using sign in with
ethereum uh it makes certain things a
little easier but let's see what the
difference is so in terms of session
tokens like JWT
tokens they're pretty much similar uh
when the tokens expire although when you
want to talk about refresh tokens that
might last for like a month or something
like that usually they need to be
registered
somewhere um you could register them
either in a
database or you could register them on
on chain in a key Value Store
um so that you can roke them if you ever
need
to on the sign in ethereum signing it
itself is really easy so you may prefer
to just have the user sign in
again
now I'm going to be talking about a
little demo that I put together that
kind of shows how the different pieces
go
together so first I want to quickly show
the some of the code point out certain
things so essentially the code is
centered around creation and validation
of this JWT tokens so in this
case I'm creating a JWT on the clients
side so um in order to do that you first
have to create the sign in with ethereum
message there's certain parameters that
are
required uh in this case you pass in the
statement which the user in this case
provides but normally that's hardcoded
uh for
you um you specify when the token was
signed or issued and when it expires in
this case it's only 10 seconds since the
client token you usually don't do much
with it you first send it to the server
and exchange it for server side
token in this case I'm I'm putting the
digital identity of the client in
here and the digital identity of the
website you prepare a message sign the
message and then here I'm doing a little
um prepending a header taking the
message the signature and then all base
64 URL encoding it this will just make
it act and look like a regular JWT token
that people use on the net to identify
users and to send as Sparrow tokens on
requests um exchange
token is a pretty simple function you
basically send the barer token to the
back end and the back end then responds
with the original token and a new token
a new signature and so on and a new
JWT if you want to just verify the token
that's basically sending it to any API
request so you would just send it as a
barer token and get the
response so there's nothing special
going on in very ification if you wanted
to verify the token on the client that's
a little more difficult because on the
client you have to check whether the
token was a server side token or a
client side token if it is a client side
token the address it's going to match
with your un Universal profile
address so in that case you have to call
the contract and call is valid signature
give it the hash and the signature and
then it will tell you if it
succeeded by returning this magic value
here 1626 ba
7e if it if it doesn't match
then the signature didn't
match for the other case whether whether
it's a seright token you got to make
sure it's your token so in this case I'm
checking for my dead in the
resources if that H if that succeeds
then I ask the server for its public
address in this case the public key
which is just a hex hex number of the
wallet then I recover that address from
the message by sending it the message in
the signature and then you can compare
whether the server public key is equal
to the
address and if it is then good otherwise
it's not
good uh but what's kind of cool is that
this allows the client to actually
validate messages from the server so if
the server
included it's
JWT inside of the response header you
could validate that that response
actually came from that
server
the server implementation is basically
two routines it's decode token so again
you split it up you Val you create the
sign in with ethereum message uh you can
verify the
message if the wallet address was you if
it's the server
address um otherwise you can uh verify
it using the LSP Zer ERC 725
account
so again those two cases if it's the
wallet address of the server then you
can just call the plane verify uh
message if it's the client signed token
then you ask is valid signature you get
the magic
number if it worked and if it's not the
magic number that you for an exception
for exchanging of token it's basically
the same you decode the token and then
you just create a new one but this time
you created on the
server so in this case I just take the
original sign in with ethereum message
that the user did and modify the
resources to include the web as a
digital identity the user as a digital
identity make sure that you don't
include include the server wallet as the
digital identity so I just
always remove it just in case it got in
there in this case you can make the
token last
longer um but otherwise you know it's
it's the same kind of code that's on the
client so you sign it with your wallet
you preent the header and again
serialize it base 64 URL encoded
and you can return it to the client so I
set up a little web
applic web tab that that kind of shows
this
so let's put in like a message by
logging
in
you agree to the
terms and
conditions
you click the login
button you
basically approve that
signature that will give you a client
side token here's the here's how the
token is going to look like it includes
this
message and has this um statement and
has the
signature you can verify it on the
client the client says yeah okay I
I knew what this was I recognized the
user you can verify it on the server by
sending it to the server so the server
says okay yep I know I know who this
is um you can now exchange it for a
server
token so the server came back it
returned the original message the new
message um you notice that the server
put itself into the resources
uh again it knew the account so it
Returns the account Returns the JWT
token which you can then verify on the
client so the client knew what this was
it was able to verify
it since the server accepts both the
client side token and the server side
token you can just send resend it and
refresh and get a new server side token
so in this case you can see that the two
messages are basically the same except
that the dates and times are
different then uh you can verify that on
the server so you can verify the new
newly generated one on the server and
that works
also so that's basically what I wanted
to show I put the the demo in GitHub so
you can check it out
see if you'd like to uh play with
it here's a little summary of what the
pieces are inside of this little demo um
I put the source code in the GitHub repo
so you can you can check it
out

  

<file>  
## path: /.dockerignore  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.dockerignore  

~~~  
*
!/src
!/index.html
!/tsconfig.*
!/pnpm-lock.yaml
!/package.json
!/public
!/tailwind.config.js
!/vite.config.js
!/postcss.config.js
!/polyfills.ts
!/server
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.env.example  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.env.example  

~~~  
VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID=
VITE_APP_DOMAIN=example.com
VITE_MNEMONIC=  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.eslintrc.json  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.eslintrc.json  

~~~  
{
  "extends": ["next/core-web-vitals", "eslint:recommended", "prettier", "plugin:prettier/recommended", "plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended", "plugin:unicorn/recommended"],
  "plugins": ["prettier", "@typescript-eslint"],
  "rules": {
    "prettier/prettier": "error",
    //TYPESCRIPT
    "@typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars": ["error", { "vars": "all", "args": "all", "argsIgnorePattern": "^_" }],
    "unicorn/no-useless-undefined": "off",
    "unicorn/no-nested-ternary": "off",
    // NEXT
    "@next/next/no-img-element": "off",
    // REACT
    "react/no-unescaped-entities": "off",
    // Unicorn
    "unicorn/prevent-abbreviations": [
      "error",
      {
        "replacements": {
          "e": false,
          "i": false,
          "props": false
        }
      }
    ],
    "unicorn/filename-case": ["off"],
    "unicorn/catch-error-name": ["off"],
    "@typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any": "off",
    // OTHER
    "no-console": ["error", { "allow": ["warn", "error"] }],
    "import/order": [
      "error",
      {
        "groups": [["builtin", "external", "index"], ["sibling", "parent", "internal"], "object", "type"],
        "newlines-between": "always",
        "alphabetize": { "order": "asc" }
      }
    ],
    "@typescript-eslint/ban-ts-comment": "off"
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.npmrc  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.npmrc  

~~~  
strict-peer-dependencies = false  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.nvmrc  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.nvmrc  

~~~  
v18.12.1
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.prettierrc  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.prettierrc  

~~~  
{
  "trailingComma": "all",
  "tabWidth": 2,
  "semi": true,
  "singleQuote": true,
  "printWidth": 80
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.tool-versions  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.tool-versions  

~~~  
nodejs 18.12.1
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.vscode/launch.json  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.vscode/launch.json  

~~~  
{
  // Use IntelliSense to learn about possible attributes.
  // Hover to view descriptions of existing attributes.
  // For more information, visit: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=830387
  "version": "0.2.0",
  "configurations": [
    {
      "name": "Launch via NPM",
      "request": "launch",
      "runtimeArgs": ["run-script", "dev"],
      "runtimeExecutable": "npm",
      "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}",
      "skipFiles": ["<node_internals>/**"],
      "type": "node",
      "outputCapture": "std",
      "console": "integratedTerminal"
    }
  ]
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /.vscode/settings.json  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/.vscode/settings.json  

~~~  
{
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.formatOnPaste": true
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /Dockerfile  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/Dockerfile  

~~~  
FROM node:18.17.1-slim as builder
RUN apt-get update \
  && apt-get install python3 make gcc g++ git -y \
  && npm i -g pnpm
WORKDIR /app
COPY package.json pnpm-lock.yaml /app/
RUN pnpm install --frozen-lockfile
WORKDIR /run
COPY package.json pnpm-lock.yaml /run/
RUN pnpm install --frozen-lockfile --prod --shamefully-hoist
COPY . /app/
WORKDIR /app
ARG VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID
ARG VITE_APP_DOMAIN=example.com
ENV VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID=$VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID
ENV VITE_APP_DOMAIN=$VITE_APP_DOMAIN
RUN pnpm run typechain && pnpm run build

FROM node:18.17.1-slim
ENV PORT=8080
ENV NODE_ENV=production
COPY --from=builder /app/dist.server /app
COPY --from=builder /run/node_modules /app/node_modules
COPY package.json pnpm-lock.yaml /app/
COPY --from=builder /app/dist/ /app/web/
ENV BASE_DIR=/app/web
ENV VITE_MNEMONIC=""
CMD ["node", "/app/server/index.js"]  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /README.md  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/README.md  

This demo uses amongst other thing [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh) + [Web3Modal](https://web3modal.com/) + [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) project bootstrapped with [`create-wagmi`](https://github.com/wagmi-dev/wagmi/tree/main/packages/create-wagmi)

# Demo

A demo implementation of this dapp is deployed at.
[https://siwe-demo.richtera.app](https://siwe-demo.richtera.app)

# Getting Started

Get a wallet connect projectId and put it into .env (copy .env.example and fill it in)
The app will create a mnemonic for you the first time you launch if it's not defined.
You can copy the random one it generates into the .env so your server tokens will be valid during
a restart.

Install `pnpm` and `nodejs` (use asdf or nvm to get the right)
Run `pnpm install`
Run `pnpm run typegen` (one time to bootstrap the typechain wrappers for lsp-smart-contracts)
Run `pnpm run dev` in your terminal, and then open [https://localhost:5173](https://localhost:5173) in your browser.

Once the webpage has loaded, changes made to files inside the `src/` and `server/` directories (e.g. `src/App.tsx`) will automatically update the webpage and server.
The server is a small fastify server which allows token exchange and verify of JWT tokens.

# Requests on server

## `GET /exchange`

Present a SIWE bearer token to exchange it for a server side SIWE token
The public address of the server for the server token
is available at `GET /.well-known/public-key` or as a jwks at `GET /.well-known/jwks`

## `GET /verify`

Present SIWE client or server bearer token to get verified.

# Learn more

To learn more about [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) or [wagmi](https://wagmi.sh), check out the following resources:

- [wagmi Documentation](https://wagmi.sh) – learn about wagmi Hooks and API.
- [wagmi Examples](https://wagmi.sh/examples/connect-wallet) – a suite of simple examples using wagmi.
- [Web3Modal Documentation](https://web3modal.com) – learn more about Web3Modal (configuration, theming, advanced usage, etc).
- [Vite Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/) – learn about Vite features and API.)
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /cloudbuild.yaml  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/cloudbuild.yaml  

~~~  
steps:
  - name: gcr.io/cloud-builders/docker
    args:
      - build
      - '--build-arg'
      - 'VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID=$_VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID'
      - '--build-arg'
      - 'VITE_APP_DOMAIN=$_VITE_APP_DOMAIN'
      - '-t'
      - >-
        $_AR_HOSTNAME/$PROJECT_ID/cloud-run-source-deploy/$REPO_NAME/$_SERVICE_NAME:$COMMIT_SHA
      - .
      - '-f'
      - Dockerfile
    id: Build
  - name: gcr.io/cloud-builders/docker
    args:
      - push
      - >-
        $_AR_HOSTNAME/$PROJECT_ID/cloud-run-source-deploy/$REPO_NAME/$_SERVICE_NAME:$COMMIT_SHA
    id: Push
  - name: 'gcr.io/google.com/cloudsdktool/cloud-sdk:slim'
    args:
      - run
      - services
      - update
      - $_SERVICE_NAME
      - '--platform=managed'
      - >-
        --image=$_AR_HOSTNAME/$PROJECT_ID/cloud-run-source-deploy/$REPO_NAME/$_SERVICE_NAME:$COMMIT_SHA
      - >-
        --labels=managed-by=gcp-cloud-build-deploy-cloud-run,commit-sha=$COMMIT_SHA,gcb-build-id=$BUILD_ID,gcb-trigger-id=$_TRIGGER_ID
      - '--region=$_DEPLOY_REGION'
      - '--quiet'
    id: Deploy
    entrypoint: gcloud
images:
  - >-
    $_AR_HOSTNAME/$PROJECT_ID/cloud-run-source-deploy/$REPO_NAME/$_SERVICE_NAME:$COMMIT_SHA
options:
  substitutionOption: ALLOW_LOOSE
substitutions:
  _TRIGGER_ID: ''
  _DEPLOY_REGION: us-central1
  _AR_HOSTNAME: us-central1-docker.pkg.dev
  _PLATFORM: managed
  _SERVICE_NAME: lukso-siwe-demo
  _VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID: ''
  _VITE_APP_DOMAIN: siwe-demo.richtera.app

tags:
  - gcp-cloud-build-deploy-cloud-run
  - gcp-cloud-build-deploy-cloud-run-managed
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /index.html  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/index.html  

~~~  
<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Web3 Auth: Using Universal Profile and SIWE for Login</title>
    <link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="180x180" href="/apple-touch-icon.png" />
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="32x32" href="/favicon-32x32.png" />
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" sizes="16x16" href="/favicon-16x16.png" />
    <link rel="manifest" href="/site.webmanifest" />
    <link rel="mask-icon" href="/safari-pinned-tab.svg" color="#5bbad5" />
    <meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#da532c" />
    <meta name="theme-color" content="#ffffff" />
    <script type="module" src="./polyfills.ts"></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div id="root"></div>
    <script type="module" src="/src/main.tsx"></script>
  </body>
</html>
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /package.json  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/package.json  

~~~  
{
  "name": "wagmi-template-vite-with-web3modal",
  "version": "0.0.1",
  "type": "module",
  "private": true,
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "concurrently -k 'nodemon --watch ./server/index.ts --exec \"ts-node-esm --project=./tsconfig.server.json ./server/index.ts\"' 'vite dev'",
    "build": "vite build && tsc --project ./tsconfig.server.json",
    "typechain": "typechain --target ethers-v6 --out-dir libs/contracts './node_modules/@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts/artifacts/*.json'"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@fastify/cors": "^8.4.0",
    "@fastify/formbody": "^7.4.0",
    "@fastify/static": "^6.11.2",
    "@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts": "0.12.0-rc.0",
    "@noble/secp256k1": "^2.0.0",
    "@tailwindcss/forms": "^0.5.6",
    "@typechain/ethers-v6": "^0.5.1",
    "@web3modal/ethereum": "2.4.1",
    "@web3modal/react": "2.4.1",
    "autoprefixer": "^10.4.16",
    "base64url": "^3.0.1",
    "buffer": "^6.0.3",
    "dotenv": "^16.3.1",
    "ethers": "^6.8.0",
    "ethers-v6\n": "link:@typechain/ethers-v6\n",
    "fastify": "^4.24.3",
    "jose": "^5.0.1",
    "key-encoder": "^2.0.3",
    "postcss-import": "^15.1.0",
    "postcss-nesting": "^12.0.1",
    "process": "^0.11.10",
    "react": "^18.2.0",
    "react-dom": "^18.2.0",
    "react-json-view": "^1.21.3",
    "siwe": "^2.1.4",
    "tailwindcss": "^3.3.5",
    "util": "^0.12.4",
    "viem": "~0.3.36",
    "wagmi": "^1.0.6"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@types/node": "^20.8.9",
    "@types/react": "^18.0.9",
    "@types/react-dom": "^18.0.3",
    "@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin": "^6.9.0",
    "@vitejs/plugin-react": "^4.0.0",
    "concurrently": "^8.2.2",
    "eslint": "^8.52.0",
    "eslint-config-next": "^14.0.0",
    "eslint-config-prettier": "^9.0.0",
    "eslint-plugin-prettier": "^5.0.1",
    "eslint-plugin-unicorn": "^48.0.1",
    "nodemon": "^3.0.1",
    "prettier": "^3.0.3",
    "ts-node": "^10.9.1",
    "typechain": "^8.3.2",
    "typescript": "^5.0.4",
    "vite": "^4.3.5",
    "vite-plugin-mkcert": "^1.16.0"
  }
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /pnpm-lock.yaml  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/pnpm-lock.yaml  

~~~  
lockfileVersion: '6.0'

settings:
  autoInstallPeers: true
  excludeLinksFromLockfile: false

dependencies:
  '@fastify/cors':
    specifier: ^8.4.0
    version: 8.4.0
  '@fastify/formbody':
    specifier: ^7.4.0
    version: 7.4.0
  '@fastify/static':
    specifier: ^6.11.2
    version: 6.11.2
  '@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts':
    specifier: 0.12.0-rc.0
    version: 0.12.0-rc.0(@babel/core@7.23.2)
  '@noble/secp256k1':
    specifier: ^2.0.0
    version: 2.0.0
  '@tailwindcss/forms':
    specifier: ^0.5.6
    version: 0.5.6(tailwindcss@3.3.5)
  '@typechain/ethers-v6':
    specifier: ^0.5.1
    version: 0.5.1(ethers@6.8.0)(typechain@8.3.2)(typescript@5.2.2)
  '@web3modal/ethereum':
    specifier: 2.4.1
    version: 2.4.1(@wagmi/core@1.4.5)(viem@0.3.50)
  '@web3modal/react':
    specifier: 2.4.1
    version: 2.4.1(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0)
  autoprefixer:
    specifier: ^10.4.16
    version: 10.4.16(postcss@8.4.31)
  base64url:
    specifier: ^3.0.1
    version: 3.0.1
  buffer:
    specifier: ^6.0.3
    version: 6.0.3
  dotenv:
    specifier: ^16.3.1
    version: 16.3.1
  ethers:
    specifier: ^6.8.0
    version: 6.8.0
  "ethers-v6\n":
    specifier: |
      link:@typechain/ethers-v6
    version: |
      link:@typechain/ethers-v6
  fastify:
    specifier: ^4.24.3
    version: 4.24.3
  jose:
    specifier: ^5.0.1
    version: 5.0.1
  key-encoder:
    specifier: ^2.0.3
    version: 2.0.3
  postcss-import:
    specifier: ^15.1.0
    version: 15.1.0(postcss@8.4.31)
  postcss-nesting:
    specifier: ^12.0.1
    version: 12.0.1(postcss@8.4.31)
  process:
    specifier: ^0.11.10
    version: 0.11.10
  react:
    specifier: ^18.2.0
    version: 18.2.0
  react-dom:
    specifier: ^18.2.0
    version: 18.2.0(react@18.2.0)
  react-json-view:
    specifier: ^1.21.3
    version: 1.21.3(@types/react@18.0.25)(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0)
  siwe:
    specifier: ^2.1.4
    version: 2.1.4(ethers@6.8.0)
  tailwindcss:
    specifier: ^3.3.5
    version: 3.3.5(ts-node@10.9.1)
  util:
    specifier: ^0.12.4
    version: 0.12.5
  viem:
    specifier: ~0.3.36
    version: 0.3.50(typescript@5.2.2)
  wagmi:
    specifier: ^1.0.6
    version: 1.4.5(@types/react@18.0.25)(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0)(typescript@5.2.2)(viem@0.3.50)

devDependencies:
  '@types/node':
    specifier: ^20.8.9
    version: 20.8.9
  '@types/react':
    specifier: ^18.0.9
    version: 18.0.25
  '@types/react-dom':
    specifier: ^18.0.3
    version: 18.0.9
  '@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin':
    specifier: ^6.9.0
    version: 6.9.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
  '@vitejs/plugin-react':
    specifier: ^4.0.0
    version: 4.1.0(vite@4.5.0)
  concurrently:
    specifier: ^8.2.2
    version: 8.2.2
  eslint:
    specifier: ^8.52.0
    version: 8.52.0
  eslint-config-next:
    specifier: ^14.0.0
    version: 14.0.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
  eslint-config-prettier:
    specifier: ^9.0.0
    version: 9.0.0(eslint@8.52.0)
  eslint-plugin-prettier:
    specifier: ^5.0.1
    version: 5.0.1(eslint-config-prettier@9.0.0)(eslint@8.52.0)(prettier@3.0.3)
  eslint-plugin-unicorn:
    specifier: ^48.0.1
    version: 48.0.1(eslint@8.52.0)
  nodemon:
    specifier: ^3.0.1
    version: 3.0.1
  prettier:
    specifier: ^3.0.3
    version: 3.0.3
  ts-node:
    specifier: ^10.9.1
    version: 10.9.1(@types/node@20.8.9)(typescript@5.2.2)
  typechain:
    specifier: ^8.3.2
    version: 8.3.2(typescript@5.2.2)
  typescript:
    specifier: ^5.0.4
    version: 5.2.2
  vite:
    specifier: ^4.3.5
    version: 4.5.0(@types/node@20.8.9)
  vite-plugin-mkcert:
    specifier: ^1.16.0
    version: 1.16.0(vite@4.5.0)

packages:

  /@aashutoshrathi/word-wrap@1.2.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1Yjs2SvM8TflER/OD3cOjhWWOZb58A2t7wpE2S9XfBYTiIl+XFhQG2bjy4Pu1I+EAlCNUzRDYDdFwFYUKvXcIA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: true

  /@account-abstraction/contracts@0.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8ooRJuR7XzohMDM4MV34I12Ci2bmxfE9+cixakRL7lA4BAwJKQ3ahvd8FbJa9kiwkUPCUNtj+/zxDQWYYalLMQ==}
    dev: false

  /@adraffy/ens-normalize@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nA9XHtlAkYfJxY7bce8DcN7eKxWWCWkU+1GR9d+U6MbNpfwQp8TI7vqOsBsMcHoT4mBu2kypKoSKnghEzOOq5Q==}
    dev: false

  /@adraffy/ens-normalize@1.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iowxq3U30sghZotgl4s/oJRci6WPBfNO5YYgk2cIOMCHr3LeGPcsZjCEr+33Q4N+oV3OABDAtA+pyvWjbvBifQ==}
    dev: false

  /@adraffy/ens-normalize@1.9.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UK0bHA7hh9cR39V+4gl2/NnBBjoXIxkuWAPCaY4X7fbH4L/azIi7ilWOCjMUYfpJgraLUAqkRi2BqrjME8Rynw==}
    dev: false

  /@alloc/quick-lru@5.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UrcABB+4bUrFABwbluTIBErXwvbsU/V7TZWfmbgJfbkwiBuziS9gxdODUyuiecfdGQ85jglMW6juS3+z5TsKLw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /@ampproject/remapping@2.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qRmjj8nj9qmLTQXXmaR1cck3UXSRMPrbsLJAasZpF+t3riI71BXed5ebIOYwQntykeZuhjsdweEc9BxH5Jc26w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@jridgewell/gen-mapping': 0.1.1
      '@jridgewell/trace-mapping': 0.3.17

  /@babel/code-frame@7.22.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XktuhWlJ5g+3TJXc5upd9Ks1HutSArik6jf2eAjYFyIOf4ej3RN+184cZbzDvbPnuTJIUhPKKJE3cIsYTiAT3w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/highlight': 7.22.20
      chalk: 2.4.2

  /@babel/compat-data@7.23.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0S9TQMmDHlqAZ2ITT95irXKfxN9bncq8ZCoJhun3nHL/lLUxd2NKBJYoNGWH7S0hz6fRQwWlAWn/ILM0C70KZQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}

  /@babel/core@7.23.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-n7s51eWdaWZ3vGT2tD4T7J6eJs3QoBXydv7vkUM06Bf1cbVD2Kc2UrkzhiQwobfV7NwOnQXYL7UBJ5VPU+RGoQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@ampproject/remapping': 2.2.0
      '@babel/code-frame': 7.22.13
      '@babel/generator': 7.23.0
      '@babel/helper-compilation-targets': 7.22.15
      '@babel/helper-module-transforms': 7.23.0(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      '@babel/helpers': 7.23.2
      '@babel/parser': 7.23.0
      '@babel/template': 7.22.15
      '@babel/traverse': 7.23.2
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
      convert-source-map: 2.0.0
      debug: 4.3.4
      gensync: 1.0.0-beta.2
      json5: 2.2.3
      semver: 6.3.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color

  /@babel/generator@7.23.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lN85QRR+5IbYrMWM6Y4pE/noaQtg4pNiqeNGX60eqOfo6gtEj6uw/JagelB8vVztSd7R6M5n1+PQkDbHbBRU4g==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
      '@jridgewell/gen-mapping': 0.3.2
      '@jridgewell/trace-mapping': 0.3.17
      jsesc: 2.5.2

  /@babel/helper-compilation-targets@7.22.15:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-y6EEzULok0Qvz8yyLkCvVX+02ic+By2UdOhylwUOvOn9dvYc9mKICJuuU1n1XBI02YWsNsnrY1kc6DVbjcXbtw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/compat-data': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-validator-option': 7.22.15
      browserslist: 4.22.1
      lru-cache: 5.1.1
      semver: 6.3.1

  /@babel/helper-define-polyfill-provider@0.4.3(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WBrLmuPP47n7PNwsZ57pqam6G/RGo1vw/87b0Blc53tZNGZ4x7YvZ6HgQe2vo1W/FR20OgjeZuGXzudPiXHFug==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.4.0 || ^8.0.0-0 <8.0.0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-compilation-targets': 7.22.15
      '@babel/helper-plugin-utils': 7.22.5
      debug: 4.3.4
      lodash.debounce: 4.0.8
      resolve: 1.22.8
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /@babel/helper-environment-visitor@7.22.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zfedSIzFhat/gFhWfHtgWvlec0nqB9YEIVrpuwjruLlXfUSnA8cJB0miHKwqDnQ7d32aKo2xt88/xZptwxbfhA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}

  /@babel/helper-function-name@7.23.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OErEqsrxjZTJciZ4Oo+eoZqeW9UIiOcuYKRJA4ZAgV9myA+pOXhhmpfNCKjEH/auVfEYVFJ6y1Tc4r0eIApqiw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/template': 7.22.15
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0

  /@babel/helper-hoist-variables@7.22.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wGjk9QZVzvknA6yKIUURb8zY3grXCcOZt+/7Wcy8O2uctxhplmUPkOdlgoNhmdVee2c92JXbf1xpMtVNbfoxRw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0

  /@babel/helper-module-imports@7.22.15:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0pYVBnDKZO2fnSPCrgM/6WMc7eS20Fbok+0r88fp+YtWVLZrp4CkafFGIp+W0VKw4a22sgebPT99y+FDNMdP4w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0

  /@babel/helper-module-transforms@7.23.0(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WhDWw1tdrlT0gMgUJSlX0IQvoO1eN279zrAUbVB+KpV2c3Tylz8+GnKOLllCS6Z/iZQEyVYxhZVUdPTqs2YYPw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.0.0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-environment-visitor': 7.22.20
      '@babel/helper-module-imports': 7.22.15
      '@babel/helper-simple-access': 7.22.5
      '@babel/helper-split-export-declaration': 7.22.6
      '@babel/helper-validator-identifier': 7.22.20

  /@babel/helper-plugin-utils@7.22.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uLls06UVKgFG9QD4OeFYLEGteMIAa5kpTPcFL28yuCIIzsf6ZyKZMllKVOCZFhiZ5ptnwX4mtKdWCBE/uT4amg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}

  /@babel/helper-simple-access@7.22.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-n0H99E/K+Bika3++WNL17POvo4rKWZ7lZEp1Q+fStVbUi8nxPQEBOlTmCOxW/0JsS56SKKQ+ojAe2pHKJHN35w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0

  /@babel/helper-split-export-declaration@7.22.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AsUnxuLhRYsisFiaJwvp1QF+I3KjD5FOxut14q/GzovUe6orHLesW2C7d754kRm53h5gqrz6sFl6sxc4BVtE/g==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0

  /@babel/helper-string-parser@7.22.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mM4COjgZox8U+JcXQwPijIZLElkgEpO5rsERVDJTc2qfCDfERyob6k5WegS14SX18IIjv+XD+GrqNumY5JRCDw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}

  /@babel/helper-validator-identifier@7.22.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Y4OZ+ytlatR8AI+8KZfKuL5urKp7qey08ha31L8b3BwewJAoJamTzyvxPR/5D+KkdJCGPq/+8TukHBlY10FX9A==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}

  /@babel/helper-validator-option@7.22.15:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bMn7RmyFjY/mdECUbgn9eoSY4vqvacUnS9i9vGAGttgFWesO6B4CYWA7XlpbWgBt71iv/hfbPlynohStqnu5hA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}

  /@babel/helpers@7.23.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lzchcp8SjTSVe/fPmLwtWVBFC7+Tbn8LGHDVfDp9JGxpAY5opSaEFgt8UQvrnECWOTdji2mOWMz1rOhkHscmGQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/template': 7.22.15
      '@babel/traverse': 7.23.2
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color

  /@babel/highlight@7.22.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dkdMCN3py0+ksCgYmGG8jKeGA/8Tk+gJwSYYlFGxG5lmhfKNoAy004YpLxpS1W2J8m/EK2Ew+yOs9pVRwO89mg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/helper-validator-identifier': 7.22.20
      chalk: 2.4.2
      js-tokens: 4.0.0

  /@babel/parser@7.23.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vvPKKdMemU85V9WE/l5wZEmImpCtLqbnTvqDS2U1fJ96KrxoW7KrXhNsNCblQlg8Ck4b85yxdTyelsMUgFUXiw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0

  /@babel/plugin-transform-react-jsx-self@7.22.5(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nTh2ogNUtxbiSbxaT4Ds6aXnXEipHweN9YRgOX/oNXdf0cCrGn/+2LozFa3lnPV5D90MkjhgckCPBrsoSc1a7g==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.0.0-0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-plugin-utils': 7.22.5
    dev: true

  /@babel/plugin-transform-react-jsx-source@7.22.5(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yIiRO6yobeEIaI0RTbIr8iAK9FcBHLtZq0S89ZPjDLQXBA4xvghaKqI0etp/tF3htTM0sazJKKLz9oEiGRtu7w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.0.0-0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-plugin-utils': 7.22.5
    dev: true

  /@babel/plugin-transform-runtime@7.23.2(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XOntj6icgzMS58jPVtQpiuF6ZFWxQiJavISGx5KGjRj+3gqZr8+N6Kx+N9BApWzgS+DOjIZfXXj0ZesenOWDyA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.0.0-0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-module-imports': 7.22.15
      '@babel/helper-plugin-utils': 7.22.5
      babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs2: 0.4.6(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs3: 0.8.6(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      babel-plugin-polyfill-regenerator: 0.5.3(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      semver: 6.3.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /@babel/runtime@7.23.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mM8eg4yl5D6i3lu2QKPuPH4FArvJ8KhTofbE7jwMUv9KX5mBvwPAqnV3MlyBNqdp9RyRKP6Yck8TrfYrPvX3bg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      regenerator-runtime: 0.14.0

  /@babel/template@7.22.15:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QPErUVm4uyJa60rkI73qneDacvdvzxshT3kksGqlGWYdOTIUOwJ7RDUL8sGqslY1uXWSL6xMFKEXDS3ox2uF0w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/code-frame': 7.22.13
      '@babel/parser': 7.23.0
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0

  /@babel/traverse@7.23.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-azpe59SQ48qG6nu2CzcMLbxUudtN+dOM9kDbUqGq3HXUJRlo7i8fvPoxQUzYgLZ4cMVmuZgm8vvBpNeRhd6XSw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/code-frame': 7.22.13
      '@babel/generator': 7.23.0
      '@babel/helper-environment-visitor': 7.22.20
      '@babel/helper-function-name': 7.23.0
      '@babel/helper-hoist-variables': 7.22.5
      '@babel/helper-split-export-declaration': 7.22.6
      '@babel/parser': 7.23.0
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
      debug: 4.3.4
      globals: 11.12.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color

  /@babel/types@7.23.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0oIyUfKoI3mSqMvsxBdclDwxXKXAUA8v/apZbc+iSyARYou1o8ZGDxbUYyLFoW2arqS2jDGqJuZvv1d/io1axg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/helper-string-parser': 7.22.5
      '@babel/helper-validator-identifier': 7.22.20
      to-fast-properties: 2.0.0

  /@coinbase/wallet-sdk@3.7.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lIGvXMsgpsQWci/XOMQIJ2nIZ8JUy/L+bvC0wkRaYarr0YylwpXrJ2gRM3hCXPS477pkyO7N/kSiAoRgEXUdJQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 10.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@metamask/safe-event-emitter': 2.0.0
      '@solana/web3.js': 1.87.3
      bind-decorator: 1.0.11
      bn.js: 5.2.1
      buffer: 6.0.3
      clsx: 1.2.1
      eth-block-tracker: 6.1.0
      eth-json-rpc-filters: 5.1.0
      eth-rpc-errors: 4.0.2
      json-rpc-engine: 6.1.0
      keccak: 3.0.2
      preact: 10.11.3
      qs: 6.11.0
      rxjs: 6.6.7
      sha.js: 2.4.11
      stream-browserify: 3.0.0
      util: 0.12.5
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@cspotcode/source-map-support@0.8.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-IchNf6dN4tHoMFIn/7OE8LWZ19Y6q/67Bmf6vnGREv8RSbBVb9LPJxEcnwrcwX6ixSvaiGoomAUvu4YSxXrVgw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      '@jridgewell/trace-mapping': 0.3.9

  /@csstools/selector-specificity@3.0.0(postcss-selector-parser@6.0.13):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hBI9tfBtuPIi885ZsZ32IMEU/5nlZH/KOVYJCOh7gyMxaVLGmLedYqFN6Ui1LXkI8JlC8IsuC0rF0btcRZKd5g==}
    engines: {node: ^14 || ^16 || >=18}
    peerDependencies:
      postcss-selector-parser: ^6.0.13
    dependencies:
      postcss-selector-parser: 6.0.13
    dev: false

  /@erc725/smart-contracts@6.0.0(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6okutGGL9xbg/MSgAof2FU1UcSNE/z3p9TORlROVGaM3gi1A6FQQ7fDqtBYkPtvHureX8yS9gP7xPt3PRbP43Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@openzeppelin/contracts': 4.9.3
      '@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable': 4.9.3
      solidity-bytes-utils: 0.8.0(@babel/core@7.23.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@babel/core'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@esbuild/android-arm64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Nz4rJcchGDtENV0eMKUNa6L12zz2zBDXuhj/Vjh18zGqB44Bi7MBMSXjgunJgjRhCmKOjnPuZp4Mb6OKqtMHLQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [arm64]
    os: [android]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/android-arm@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fyi7TDI/ijKKNZTUJAQqiG5T7YjJXgnzkURqmGj13C6dCqckZBLdl4h7bkhHt/t0WP+zO9/zwroDvANaOqO5Sw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [arm]
    os: [android]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/android-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8GDdlePJA8D6zlZYJV/jnrRAi6rOiNaCC/JclcXpB+KIuvfBN4owLtgzY2bsxnx666XjJx2kDPUmnTtR8qKQUg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [android]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/darwin-arm64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bxRHW5kHU38zS2lPTPOyuyTm+S+eobPUnTNkdJEfAddYgEcll4xkT8DB9d2008DtTbl7uJag2HuE5NZAZgnNEA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [arm64]
    os: [darwin]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/darwin-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pc5gxlMDxzm513qPGbCbDukOdsGtKhfxD1zJKXjCCcU7ju50O7MeAZ8c4krSJcOIJGFR+qx21yMMVYwiQvyTyQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [darwin]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/freebsd-arm64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yqDQHy4QHevpMAaxhhIwYPMv1NECwOvIpGCZkECn8w2WFHXjEwrBn3CeNIYsibZ/iZEUemj++M26W3cNR5h+Tw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [arm64]
    os: [freebsd]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/freebsd-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tgWRPPuQsd3RmBZwarGVHZQvtzfEBOreNuxEMKFcd5DaDn2PbBxfwLcj4+aenoh7ctXcbXmOQIn8HI6mCSw5MQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [freebsd]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-arm64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2YbscF+UL7SQAVIpnWvYwM+3LskyDmPhe31pE7/aoTMFKKzIc9lLbyGUpmmb8a8AixOL61sQ/mFh3jEjHYFvdA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [arm64]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-arm@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/5bHkMWnq1EgKr1V+Ybz3s1hWXok7mDFUMQ4cG10AfW3wL02PSZi5kFpYKrptDsgb2WAJIvRcDm+qIvXf/apvg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [arm]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-ia32@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-P4etWwq6IsReT0E1KHU40bOnzMHoH73aXp96Fs8TIT6z9Hu8G6+0SHSw9i2isWrD2nbx2qo5yUqACgdfVGx7TA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [ia32]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-loong64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nXW8nqBTrOpDLPgPY9uV+/1DjxoQ7DoB2N8eocyq8I9XuqJ7BiAMDMf9n1xZM9TgW0J8zrquIb/A7s3BJv7rjg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [loong64]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-mips64el@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-d5NeaXZcHp8PzYy5VnXV3VSd2D328Zb+9dEq5HE6bw6+N86JVPExrA6O68OPwobntbNJ0pzCpUFZTo3w0GyetQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [mips64el]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-ppc64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WHPyeScRNcmANnLQkq6AfyXRFr5D6N2sKgkFo2FqguP44Nw2eyDlbTdZwd9GYk98DZG9QItIiTlFLHJHjxP3FA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [ppc64]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-riscv64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WSxo6h5ecI5XH34KC7w5veNnKkju3zBRLEQNY7mv5mtBmrP/MjNBCAlsM2u5hDBlS3NGcTQpoBvRzqBcRtpq1A==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [riscv64]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-s390x@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+8231GMs3mAEth6Ja1iK0a1sQ3ohfcpzpRLH8uuc5/KVDFneH6jtAJLFGafpzpMRO6DzJ6AvXKze9LfFMrIHVQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [s390x]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/linux-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UYqiqemphJcNsFEskc73jQ7B9jgwjWrSayxawS6UVFZGWrAAtkzjxSqnoclCXxWtfwLdzU+vTpcNYhpn43uP1w==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [linux]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/netbsd-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iO1c++VP6xUBUmltHZoMtCUdPlnPGdBom6IrO4gyKPFFVBKioIImVooR5I83nTew5UOYrk3gIJhbZh8X44y06A==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [netbsd]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/openbsd-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-e5e4YSsuQfX4cxcygw/UCPIEP6wbIL+se3sxPdCiMbFLBWu0eiZOJ7WoD+ptCLrmjZBK1Wk7I6D/I3NglUGOxg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [openbsd]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/sunos-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kDbFRFp0YpTQVVrqUd5FTYmWo45zGaXe0X8E1G/LKFC0v8x0vWrhOWSLITcCn63lmZIxfOMXtCfti/RxN/0wnQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [sunos]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/win32-arm64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ddYFR6ItYgoaq4v4JmQQaAI5s7npztfV4Ag6NrhiaW0RrnOXqBkgwZLofVTlq1daVTQNhtI5oieTvkRPfZrePg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [arm64]
    os: [win32]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/win32-ia32@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Wv7QBi3ID/rROT08SABTS7eV4hX26sVduqDOTe1MvGMjNd3EjOz4b7zeexIR62GTIEKrfJXKL9LFxTYgkyeu7g==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [ia32]
    os: [win32]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@esbuild/win32-x64@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kTdfRcSiDfQca/y9QIkng02avJ+NCaQvrMejlsB3RRv5sE9rRoeBPISaZpKxHELzRxZyLvNts1P27W3wV+8geQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    cpu: [x64]
    os: [win32]
    requiresBuild: true
    dev: true
    optional: true

  /@eslint-community/eslint-utils@4.4.0(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1/sA4dwrzBAyeUoQ6oxahHKmrZvsnLCg4RfxW3ZFGGmQkSNQPFNLV9CUEFQP1x9EYXHTo5p6xdhZM1Ne9p/AfA==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^6.0.0 || ^7.0.0 || >=8.0.0
    dependencies:
      eslint: 8.52.0
      eslint-visitor-keys: 3.4.3
    dev: true

  /@eslint-community/regexpp@4.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Cu96Sd2By9mCNTx2iyKOmq10v22jUVQv0lQnlGNy16oE9589yE+QADPbrMGCkA51cKZSg3Pu/aTJVTGfL/qjUA==}
    engines: {node: ^12.0.0 || ^14.0.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dev: true

  /@eslint/eslintrc@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+wvgpDsrB1YqAMdEUCcnTlpfVBH7Vqn6A/NT3D8WVXFIaKMlErPIZT3oCIAVCOtarRpMtelZLqJeU3t7WY6X6g==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dependencies:
      ajv: 6.12.6
      debug: 4.3.4
      espree: 9.6.1
      globals: 13.23.0
      ignore: 5.2.4
      import-fresh: 3.3.0
      js-yaml: 4.1.0
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      strip-json-comments: 3.1.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /@eslint/js@8.52.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mjZVbpaeMZludF2fsWLD0Z9gCref1Tk4i9+wddjRvpUNqqcndPkBD09N/Mapey0b3jaXbLm2kICwFv2E64QinA==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dev: true

  /@ethereumjs/common@2.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DEHjW6e38o+JmB/NO3GZBpW4lpaiBpkFgXF6jLcJ6gETBYpEyaA5nTimsWBUJR3Vmtm/didUEbNjajskugZORg==}
    dependencies:
      crc-32: 1.2.2
      ethereumjs-util: 7.1.5
    dev: false

  /@ethereumjs/common@2.6.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lRyVQOeCDaIVtgfbowla32pzeDv2Obr8oR8Put5RdUBNRGr1VGPGQNGP6elWIpgK3YdpzqTOh4GyUGOureVeeA==}
    dependencies:
      crc-32: 1.2.2
      ethereumjs-util: 7.1.5
    dev: false

  /@ethereumjs/tx@3.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6AaJhwg4ucmwTvw/1qLaZUX5miWrwZ4nLOUsKyb/HtzS3BMw/CasKhdi1ims9mBKeK9sOJCH4qGKOBGyJCeeog==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethereumjs/common': 2.6.5
      ethereumjs-util: 7.1.5
    dev: false

  /@ethereumjs/tx@3.5.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gQDNJWKrSDGu2w7w0PzVXVBNMzb7wwdDOmOqczmhNjqFxFuIbhVJDwiGEnxFNC2/b8ifcZzY7MLcluizohRzNw==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethereumjs/common': 2.6.5
      ethereumjs-util: 7.1.5
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/abi@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-351ktp42TiRcYB3H1OP8yajPeAQstMW/yCFokj/AthP9bLHzQFPlOrxOcwYEDkUAICmOHljvN4K39OMTMUa9RA==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/address': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bignumber': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/constants': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/hash': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/keccak256': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/properties': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/strings': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/abstract-provider@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-R41c9UkchKCpAqStMYUpdunjo3pkEvZC3FAwZn5S5MGbXoMQOHIdHItezTETxAO5bevtMApSyEhn9+CHcDsWBw==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bignumber': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/networks': 5.7.1
      '@ethersproject/properties': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/transactions': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/web': 5.7.1
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/abstract-signer@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-a16V8bq1/Cz+TGCkE2OPMTOUDLS3grCpdjoJCYNnVBbdYEMSgKrU0+B90s8b6H+ByYTBZN7a3g76jdIJi7UfKQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/abstract-provider': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bignumber': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/properties': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/address@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9wYhYt7aghVGo758POM5nqcOMaE168Q6aRLJZwUmiqSrAungkG74gSSeKEIR7ukixesdRZGPgVqme6vmxs1fkA==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bignumber': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/keccak256': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/rlp': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/base64@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Dr8tcHt2mEbsZr/mwTPIQAf3Ai0Bks/7gTw9dSqk1mQvhW3XvRlmDJr/4n+wg1JmCl16NZue17CDh8xb/vZ0sQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/bignumber@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-n1CAdIHRWjSucQO3MC1zPSVgV/6dy/fjL9pMrPP9peL+QxEg9wOsVqwD4+818B6LUEtaXzVHQiuivzRoxPxUGw==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      bn.js: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/bytes@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nsbxwgFXWh9NyYWo+U8atvmMsSdKJprTcICAkvbBffT75qDocbuggBU0SJiVK2MuTrp0q+xvLkTnGMPK1+uA9A==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/constants@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DHI+y5dBNvkpYUMiRQyxRBYBefZkJfo70VUkUAsRjcPs47muV9evftfZ0PJVCXYbAiCgght0DtcF9srFQmIgWA==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bignumber': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/hash@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qX5WrQfnah1EFnO5zJv1v46a8HW0+E5xuBBDTwMFZLuVTx0tbU2kkx15NqdjxecrLGatQN9FGQKpb1FKdHCt+g==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/abstract-signer': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/address': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/base64': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bignumber': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/keccak256': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/properties': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/strings': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/keccak256@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2UcPboeL/iW+pSg6vZ6ydF8tCnv3Iu/8tUmLLzWWGzxWKFFqOBQFLo6uLUv6BDrLgCDfN28RJ/wtByx+jZ4KBg==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      js-sha3: 0.8.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/logger@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0odtFdXu/XHtjQXJYA3u9G0G8btm0ND5Cu8M7i5vhEcE8/HmF4Lbdqanwyv4uQTr2tx6b7fQRmgLrsnpQlmnig==}
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/networks@5.7.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-n/MufjFYv3yFcUyfhnXotyDlNdFb7onmkSy8aQERi2PjNcnWQ66xXxa3XlS8nCcA8aJKJjIIMNJTC7tu80GwpQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/properties@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-J87jy8suntrAkIZtecpxEPxY//szqr1mlBaYlQ0r4RCaiD2hjheqF9s1LVE8vVuJCXisjIP+JgtK/Do54ej4Sw==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/rlp@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rBxzX2vK8mVF7b0Tol44t5Tb8gomOHkj5guL+HhzQ1yBh/ydjGnpw6at+X6Iw0Kp3OzzzkcKp8N9r0W4kYSs9w==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/signing-key@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MZdy2nL3wO0u7gkB4nA/pEf8lu1TlFswPNmy8AiYkfKTdO6eXBJyUdmHO/ehm/htHw9K/qF8ujnTyUAD+Ry54Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/properties': 5.7.0
      bn.js: 5.2.1
      elliptic: 6.5.4
      hash.js: 1.1.7
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/strings@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/9nu+lj0YswRNSH0NXYqrh8775XNyEdUQAuf3f+SmOrnVewcJ5SBNAjF7lpgehKi4abvNNXyf+HX86czCdJ8Mg==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/constants': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/transactions@5.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kmcNicCp1lp8qanMTC3RIikGgoJ80ztTyvtsFvCYpSCfkjhD0jZ2LOrnbcuxuToLIUYYf+4XwD1rP+B/erDIhQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/address': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bignumber': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/constants': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/keccak256': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/properties': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/rlp': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/signing-key': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@ethersproject/web@5.7.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Gueu8lSvyjBWL4cYsWsjh6MtMwM0+H4HvqFPZfB6dV8ctbP9zFAO73VG1cMWae0FLPCtz0peKPpZY8/ugJJX2w==}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/base64': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/bytes': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/logger': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/properties': 5.7.0
      '@ethersproject/strings': 5.7.0
    dev: false

  /@fastify/accept-negotiator@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OIHZrb2ImZ7XG85HXOONLcJWGosv7sIvM2ifAPQVhg9Lv7qdmMBNVaai4QTdyuaqbKM5eO6sLSQOYI7wEQeCJQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=14'}
    dev: false

  /@fastify/ajv-compiler@3.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ebbEtlI7dxXF5ziNdr05mOY8NnDiPB1XvAlLHctRt/Rc+C3LCOVW5imUVX+mhvUhnNzmPBHewUkOFgGlCxgdAA==}
    dependencies:
      ajv: 8.12.0
      ajv-formats: 2.1.1(ajv@8.12.0)
      fast-uri: 2.2.0
    dev: false

  /@fastify/cors@8.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MlVvMTenltToByTpLwlWtO+7dQ3l2J+1OpmGrx9JpSNWo1d+dhfNCOi23zHhxdFhtpDzfwGwCsKu9DTeG7k7nQ==}
    dependencies:
      fastify-plugin: 4.5.1
      mnemonist: 0.39.5
    dev: false

  /@fastify/deepmerge@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-J8TOSBq3SoZbDhM9+R/u77hP93gz/rajSA+K2kGyijPpORPWUXHUpTaleoj+92As0S9uPRP7Oi8IqMf0u+ro6A==}
    dev: false

  /@fastify/error@3.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-e/mafFwbK3MNqxUcFBLgHhgxsF8UT1m8aj0dAlqEa2nJEgPsRtpHTZ3ObgrgkZ2M1eJHPTwgyUl/tXkvabsZdQ==}
    dev: false

  /@fastify/fast-json-stringify-compiler@4.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-aZAXGYo6m22Fk1zZzEUKBvut/CIIQe/BapEORnxiD5Qr0kPHqqI69NtEMCme74h+at72sPhbkb4ZrLd1W3KRLA==}
    dependencies:
      fast-json-stringify: 5.8.0
    dev: false

  /@fastify/formbody@7.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-H3C6h1GN56/SMrZS8N2vCT2cZr7mIHzBHzOBa5OPpjfB/D6FzP9mMpE02ZzrFX0ANeh0BAJdoXKOF2e7IbV+Og==}
    dependencies:
      fast-querystring: 1.1.2
      fastify-plugin: 4.5.1
    dev: false

  /@fastify/send@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yNYiY6sDkexoJR0D8IDy3aRP3+L4wdqCpvx5WP+VtEU58sn7USmKynBzDQex5X42Zzvw2gNzzYgP90UfWShLFA==}
    dependencies:
      '@lukeed/ms': 2.0.1
      escape-html: 1.0.3
      fast-decode-uri-component: 1.0.1
      http-errors: 2.0.0
      mime: 3.0.0
    dev: false

  /@fastify/static@6.11.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EH7mh7q4MfNdT7N07ZVlwsX/ObngMvQ7KBP0FXAuPov99Fjn80KSJMdxQhhYKAKWW1jXiFdrk8X7d6uGWdZFxg==}
    dependencies:
      '@fastify/accept-negotiator': 1.1.0
      '@fastify/send': 2.1.0
      content-disposition: 0.5.4
      fastify-plugin: 4.5.1
      glob: 8.1.0
      p-limit: 3.1.0
    dev: false

  /@humanwhocodes/config-array@0.11.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JSBDMiDKSzQVngfRjOdFXgFfklaXI4K9nLF49Auh21lmBWRLIK3+xTErTWD4KU54pb6coM6ESE7Awz/FNU3zgQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@humanwhocodes/object-schema': 2.0.1
      debug: 4.3.4
      minimatch: 3.1.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /@humanwhocodes/module-importer@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bxveV4V8v5Yb4ncFTT3rPSgZBOpCkjfK0y4oVVVJwIuDVBRMDXrPyXRL988i5ap9m9bnyEEjWfm5WkBmtffLfA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.22'}
    dev: true

  /@humanwhocodes/object-schema@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dvuCeX5fC9dXgJn9t+X5atfmgQAzUOWqS1254Gh0m6i8wKd10ebXkfNKiRK+1GWi/yTvvLDHpoxLr0xxxeslWw==}
    dev: true

  /@jridgewell/gen-mapping@0.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sQXCasFk+U8lWYEe66WxRDOE9PjVz4vSM51fTu3Hw+ClTpUSQb718772vH3pyS5pShp6lvQM7SxgIDXXXmOX7w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@jridgewell/set-array': 1.1.2
      '@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec': 1.4.14

  /@jridgewell/gen-mapping@0.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mh65xKQAzI6iBcFzwv28KVWSmCkdRBWoOh+bYQGW3+6OZvbbN3TqMGo5hqYxQniRcH9F2VZIoJCm4pa3BPDK/A==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@jridgewell/set-array': 1.1.2
      '@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec': 1.4.14
      '@jridgewell/trace-mapping': 0.3.17

  /@jridgewell/resolve-uri@3.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-F2msla3tad+Mfht5cJq7LSXcdudKTWCVYUgw6pLFOOHSTtZlj6SWNYAp+AhuqLmWdBO2X5hPrLcu8cVP8fy28w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}

  /@jridgewell/set-array@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xnkseuNADM0gt2bs+BvhO0p78Mk762YnZdsuzFV018NoG1Sj1SCQvpSqa7XUaTam5vAGasABV9qXASMKnFMwMw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}

  /@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec@1.4.14:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XPSJHWmi394fuUuzDnGz1wiKqWfo1yXecHQMRf2l6hztTO+nPru658AyDngaBe7isIxEkRsPR3FZh+s7iVa4Uw==}

  /@jridgewell/trace-mapping@0.3.17:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MCNzAp77qzKca9+W/+I0+sEpaUnZoeasnghNeVc41VZCEKaCH73Vq3BZZ/SzWIgrqE4H4ceI+p+b6C0mHf9T4g==}
    dependencies:
      '@jridgewell/resolve-uri': 3.1.0
      '@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec': 1.4.14

  /@jridgewell/trace-mapping@0.3.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3Belt6tdc8bPgAtbcmdtNJlirVoTmEb5e2gC94PnkwEW9jI6CAHUeoG85tjWP5WquqfavoMtMwiG4P926ZKKuQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@jridgewell/resolve-uri': 3.1.0
      '@jridgewell/sourcemap-codec': 1.4.14

  /@ledgerhq/connect-kit-loader@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mscwGroSJQrCTjtNGBu+18FQbZYA4+q6Tyx6K7CXHl6AwgZKbWfZYdgP2F+fyZcRUdGRsMX8QtvU61VcGGtO1A==}
    dev: false

  /@lit-labs/ssr-dom-shim@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jnOD+/+dSrfTWYfSXBXlo5l5f0q1UuJo3tkbMDCYA2lKUYq79jaxqtGEvnRoh049nt1vdo1+45RinipU6FGY2g==}
    dev: false

  /@lit/reactive-element@1.6.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QuTgnG52Poic7uM1AN5yJ09QMe0O28e10XzSvWDz02TJiiKee4stsiownEIadWm8nYzyDAyT+gKzUoZmiWQtsQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@lit-labs/ssr-dom-shim': 1.1.2
    dev: false

  /@lukeed/ms@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Xs/4RZltsAL7pkvaNStUQt7netTkyxrS0K+RILcVr3TRMS/ToOg4I6uNfhB9SlGsnWBym4U+EaXq0f0cEMNkHA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: false

  /@lukso/lsp-smart-contracts@0.12.0-rc.0(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yyX5AbsPCfOwH/tVUQp4Arf3ysKviqoPI9UBbAkImWjxQCocI6K1PBKCH77kCeuOFzpPBGcHo4LqlSkhbqvYNw==}
    dependencies:
      '@account-abstraction/contracts': 0.6.0
      '@erc725/smart-contracts': 6.0.0(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      '@openzeppelin/contracts': 4.9.3
      '@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable': 4.9.3
      solidity-bytes-utils: 0.8.0(@babel/core@7.23.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@babel/core'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@metamask/eth-sig-util@4.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tghyZKLHZjcdlDqCA3gNZmLeR0XvOE9U1qoQO9ohyAZT6Pya+H9vkBPcsyXytmYLNgVoin7CKCmweo/R43V+tQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      ethereumjs-abi: 0.6.8
      ethereumjs-util: 6.2.1
      ethjs-util: 0.1.6
      tweetnacl: 1.0.3
      tweetnacl-util: 0.15.1
    dev: false

  /@metamask/safe-event-emitter@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/kSXhY692qiV1MXu6EeOZvg5nECLclxNXcKCxJ3cXQgYuRymRHpdx/t7JXfsK+JLjwA1e1c1/SBrlQYpusC29Q==}
    dev: false

  /@metamask/utils@3.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9cIRrfkWvHblSiNDVXsjivqa9Ak0RYo/1H6tqTqTbAx+oBK2Sva0lWDHxGchOqA7bySGUJKAWSNJvH6gdHZ0gQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@types/debug': 4.1.10
      debug: 4.3.4
      semver: 7.5.4
      superstruct: 1.0.3
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /@motionone/animation@10.16.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QUGWpLbMFLhyqKlngjZhjtxM8IqiJQjLK0DF+XOF6od9nhSvlaeEpOY/UMCRVcZn/9Tr2rZO22EkuCIjYdI74g==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/easing': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/types': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/utils': 10.16.3
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /@motionone/dom@10.16.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HPHlVo/030qpRj9R8fgY50KTN4Ko30moWRTA3L3imrsRBmob93cTYmodln49HYFbQm01lFF7X523OkKY0DX6UA==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/animation': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/generators': 10.16.4
      '@motionone/types': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/utils': 10.16.3
      hey-listen: 1.0.8
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /@motionone/easing@10.16.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HWTMZbTmZojzwEuKT/xCdvoMPXjYSyQvuVM6jmM0yoGU6BWzsmYMeB4bn38UFf618fJCNtP9XeC/zxtKWfbr0w==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/utils': 10.16.3
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /@motionone/generators@10.16.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-geFZ3w0Rm0ZXXpctWsSf3REGywmLLujEjxPYpBR0j+ymYwof0xbV6S5kGqqsDKgyWKVWpUInqQYvQfL6fRbXeg==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/types': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/utils': 10.16.3
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /@motionone/svelte@10.16.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zRVqk20lD1xqe+yEDZhMYgftsuHc25+9JSo+r0a0OWUJFocjSV9D/+UGhX4xgJsuwB9acPzXLr20w40VnY2PQA==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/dom': 10.16.4
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /@motionone/types@10.16.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-W4jkEGFifDq73DlaZs3HUfamV2t1wM35zN/zX7Q79LfZ2sc6C0R1baUHZmqc/K5F3vSw3PavgQ6HyHLd/MXcWg==}
    dev: false

  /@motionone/utils@10.16.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WNWDksJIxQkaI9p9Z9z0+K27xdqISGNFy1SsWVGaiedTHq0iaT6iZujby8fT/ZnZxj1EOaxJtSfUPCFNU5CRoA==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/types': 10.16.3
      hey-listen: 1.0.8
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /@motionone/vue@10.16.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-z10PF9JV6SbjFq+/rYabM+8CVlMokgl8RFGvieSGNTmrkQanfHn+15XBrhG3BgUfvmTeSeyShfOHpG0i9zEdcg==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/dom': 10.16.4
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /@next/eslint-plugin-next@14.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ye37nNI09V3yt7pzuzSQtwlvuJ2CGzFszHXkcTHHZgNr7EhTMFLipn3VSJChy+e5+ahTdNApPphc3qCPUsn10A==}
    dependencies:
      glob: 7.1.7
    dev: true

  /@noble/curves@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2upgEu0iLiDVDZkNLeFV2+ht0BAVgQnEmCk6JsOch9Rp8xfkMCbvbAZlA2pBHQc73dbl+vFOXfqkf4uemdn0bw==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.0
    dev: false

  /@noble/curves@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oYclrNgRaM9SsBUBVbb8M6DTV7ZHRTKugureoYEncY5c65HOmRzvSiTE3y5CYaPYJA/GVkrhXEoF0M3Ya9PMnw==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
    dev: false

  /@noble/hashes@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KYRCASVTv6aeUi1tsF8/vpyR7zpfs3FUzy2Jqm+MU+LmUKhQ0y2FpfwqkCcxSg2ua4GALJd8k2R76WxwZGbQpA==}
    dev: false

  /@noble/hashes@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ilHEACi9DwqJB0pw7kv+Apvh50jiiSyR/cQ3y4W7lOR5mhvn/50FLUfsnfJz0BDZtl/RR16kXvptiv6q1msYZg==}
    dev: false

  /@noble/hashes@1.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MVC8EAQp7MvEcm30KWENFjgR+Mkmf+D189XJTkFIlwohU5hcBbn1ZkKq7KVTi2Hme3PMGF390DaL52beVrIihQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 16'}
    dev: false

  /@noble/secp256k1@1.6.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-T04e4iTurVy7I8Sw4+c5OSN9/RkPlo1uKxAomtxQNLq8j1uPAqnsqG1bqvY3Jv7c13gyr6dui0zmh/I3+f/JaQ==}
    dev: false

  /@noble/secp256k1@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rUGBd95e2a45rlmFTqQJYEFA4/gdIARFfuTuTqLglz0PZ6AKyzyXsEZZq7UZn8hZsvaBgpCzKKBJizT2cJERXw==}
    dev: false

  /@nodelib/fs.scandir@2.1.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vq24Bq3ym5HEQm2NKCr3yXDwjc7vTsEThRDnkp2DK9p1uqLR+DHurm/NOTo0KG7HYHU7eppKZj3MyqYuMBf62g==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8'}
    dependencies:
      '@nodelib/fs.stat': 2.0.5
      run-parallel: 1.2.0

  /@nodelib/fs.stat@2.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RkhPPp2zrqDAQA/2jNhnztcPAlv64XdhIp7a7454A5ovI7Bukxgt7MX7udwAu3zg1DcpPU0rz3VV1SeaqvY4+A==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8'}

  /@nodelib/fs.walk@1.2.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oGB+UxlgWcgQkgwo8GcEGwemoTFt3FIO9ababBmaGwXIoBKZ+GTy0pP185beGg7Llih/NSHSV2XAs1lnznocSg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8'}
    dependencies:
      '@nodelib/fs.scandir': 2.1.5
      fastq: 1.15.0

  /@octokit/auth-token@3.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TWFX7cZF2LXoCvdmJWY7XVPi74aSY0+FfBZNSXEXFkMpjcqsQwDSYVv5FhRFaI0V1ECnwbz4j59T/G+rXNWaIQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dev: true

  /@octokit/core@4.2.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rYKilwgzQ7/imScn3M9/pFfUf4I1AZEH3KhyJmtPdE2zfaXAn2mFfUy4FbKewzc2We5y/LlKLj36fWJLKC2SIQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/auth-token': 3.0.4
      '@octokit/graphql': 5.0.6
      '@octokit/request': 6.2.8
      '@octokit/request-error': 3.0.3
      '@octokit/types': 9.3.2
      before-after-hook: 2.2.3
      universal-user-agent: 6.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: true

  /@octokit/endpoint@7.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5L4fseVRUsDFGR00tMWD/Trdeeihn999rTMGRMC1G/Ldi1uWlWJzI98H4Iak5DB/RVvQuyMYKqSK/R6mbSOQyg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/types': 9.3.2
      is-plain-object: 5.0.0
      universal-user-agent: 6.0.0
    dev: true

  /@octokit/graphql@5.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Fxyxdy/JH0MnIB5h+UQ3yCoh1FG4kWXfFKkpWqjZHw/p+Kc8Y44Hu/kCgNBT6nU1shNumEchmW/sUO1JuQnPcw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/request': 6.2.8
      '@octokit/types': 9.3.2
      universal-user-agent: 6.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: true

  /@octokit/openapi-types@18.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VRaeH8nCDtF5aXWnjPuEMIYf1itK/s3JYyJcWFJT8X9pSNnBtriDf7wlEWsGuhPLl4QIH4xM8fqTXDwJ3Mu6sw==}
    dev: true

  /@octokit/plugin-paginate-rest@6.1.2(@octokit/core@4.2.4):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qhrmtQeHU/IivxucOV1bbI/xZyC/iOBhclokv7Sut5vnejAIAEXVcGQeRpQlU39E0WwK9lNvJHphHri/DB6lbQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@octokit/core': '>=4'
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/core': 4.2.4
      '@octokit/tsconfig': 1.0.2
      '@octokit/types': 9.3.2
    dev: true

  /@octokit/plugin-request-log@1.0.4(@octokit/core@4.2.4):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mLUsMkgP7K/cnFEw07kWqXGF5LKrOkD+lhCrKvPHXWDywAwuDUeDwWBpc69XK3pNX0uKiVt8g5z96PJ6z9xCFA==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@octokit/core': '>=3'
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/core': 4.2.4
    dev: true

  /@octokit/plugin-rest-endpoint-methods@7.2.3(@octokit/core@4.2.4):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-I5Gml6kTAkzVlN7KCtjOM+Ruwe/rQppp0QU372K1GP7kNOYEKe8Xn5BW4sE62JAHdwpq95OQK/qGNyKQMUzVgA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@octokit/core': '>=3'
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/core': 4.2.4
      '@octokit/types': 10.0.0
    dev: true

  /@octokit/request-error@3.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-crqw3V5Iy2uOU5Np+8M/YexTlT8zxCfI+qu+LxUB7SZpje4Qmx3mub5DfEKSO8Ylyk0aogi6TYdf6kxzh2BguQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/types': 9.3.2
      deprecation: 2.3.1
      once: 1.4.0
    dev: true

  /@octokit/request@6.2.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ow4+pkVQ+6XVVsekSYBzJC0VTVvh/FCTUUgTsboGq+DTeWdyIFV8WSCdo0RIxk6wSkBTHqIK1mYuY7nOBXOchw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/endpoint': 7.0.6
      '@octokit/request-error': 3.0.3
      '@octokit/types': 9.3.2
      is-plain-object: 5.0.0
      node-fetch: 2.7.0
      universal-user-agent: 6.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: true

  /@octokit/rest@19.0.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/EzVox5V9gYGdbAI+ovYj3nXQT1TtTHRT+0eZPcuC05UFSWO3mdO9UY1C0i2eLF9Un1ONJkAk+IEtYGAC+TahA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/core': 4.2.4
      '@octokit/plugin-paginate-rest': 6.1.2(@octokit/core@4.2.4)
      '@octokit/plugin-request-log': 1.0.4(@octokit/core@4.2.4)
      '@octokit/plugin-rest-endpoint-methods': 7.2.3(@octokit/core@4.2.4)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: true

  /@octokit/tsconfig@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-I0vDR0rdtP8p2lGMzvsJzbhdOWy405HcGovrspJ8RRibHnyRgggUSNO5AIox5LmqiwmatHKYsvj6VGFHkqS7lA==}
    dev: true

  /@octokit/types@10.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Vm8IddVmhCgU1fxC1eyinpwqzXPEYu0NrYzD3YZjlGjyftdLBTeqNblRC0jmJmgxbJIsQlyogVeGnrNaaMVzIg==}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/openapi-types': 18.1.1
    dev: true

  /@octokit/types@9.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-D4iHGTdAnEEVsB8fl95m1hiz7D5YiRdQ9b/OEb3BYRVwbLsGHcRVPz+u+BgRLNk0Q0/4iZCBqDN96j2XNxfXrA==}
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/openapi-types': 18.1.1
    dev: true

  /@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable@4.9.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jjaHAVRMrE4UuZNfDwjlLGDxTHWIOwTJS2ldnc278a0gevfXfPr8hxKEVBGFBE96kl2G3VHDZhUimw/+G3TG2A==}
    dev: false

  /@openzeppelin/contracts@4.9.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-He3LieZ1pP2TNt5JbkPA4PNT9WC3gOTOlDcFGJW4Le4QKqwmiNJCRt44APfxMxvq7OugU/cqYuPcSBzOw38DAg==}
    dev: false

  /@pkgr/utils@2.4.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-POgTXhjrTfbTV63DiFXav4lBHiICLKKwDeaKn9Nphwj7WH6m0hMMCaJkMyRWjgtPFyRKRVoMXXjczsTQRDEhYw==}
    engines: {node: ^12.20.0 || ^14.18.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dependencies:
      cross-spawn: 7.0.3
      fast-glob: 3.3.1
      is-glob: 4.0.3
      open: 9.1.0
      picocolors: 1.0.0
      tslib: 2.6.2
    dev: true

  /@rushstack/eslint-patch@1.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6i/8UoL0P5y4leBIGzvkZdS85RDMG9y1ihZzmTZQ5LdHUYmZ7pKFoj8X0236s3lusPs1Fa5HTQUpwI+UfTcmeA==}
    dev: true

  /@safe-global/safe-apps-provider@0.17.1(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lYfRqrbbK1aKU1/UGkYWc/X7PgySYcumXKc5FB2uuwAs2Ghj8uETuW5BrwPqyjBknRxutFbTv+gth/JzjxAhdQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@safe-global/safe-apps-sdk': 8.0.0(typescript@5.2.2)
      events: 3.3.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - typescript
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /@safe-global/safe-apps-sdk@8.0.0(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gYw0ki/EAuV1oSyMxpqandHjnthZjYYy+YWpTAzf8BqfXM3ItcZLpjxfg+3+mXW8HIO+3jw6T9iiqEXsqHaMMw==}
    dependencies:
      '@safe-global/safe-gateway-typescript-sdk': 3.12.0
      viem: 1.17.2(typescript@5.2.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - typescript
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /@safe-global/safe-apps-sdk@8.1.0(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XJbEPuaVc7b9n23MqlF6c+ToYIS3f7P2Sel8f3cSBQ9WORE4xrSuvhMpK9fDSFqJ7by/brc+rmJR/5HViRr0/w==}
    dependencies:
      '@safe-global/safe-gateway-typescript-sdk': 3.12.0
      viem: 1.17.2(typescript@5.2.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - typescript
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /@safe-global/safe-gateway-typescript-sdk@3.12.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hExCo62lScVC9/ztVqYEYL2pFxcqLTvB8fj0WtdP5FWrvbtEgD0pbVolchzD5bf85pbzvEwdAxSVS7EdCZxTNw==}
    engines: {node: '>=16'}
    dev: false

  /@scure/base@1.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/+SgoRjLq7Xlf0CWuLHq2LUZeL/w65kfzAPG5NH9pcmBhs+nunQTn4gvdwgMTIXnt9b2C/1SeL2XiysZEyIC9Q==}
    dev: false

  /@scure/bip32@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ftTW3kKX54YXLCxH6BB7oEEoJfoE2pIgw7MINKAs5PsS6nqKPuKk1haTF/EuHmYqG330t5GSrdmtRuHaY1a62Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.1.2
      '@noble/secp256k1': 1.6.3
      '@scure/base': 1.1.3
    dev: false

  /@scure/bip32@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bcKpo1oj54hGholplGLpqPHRbIsnbixFtc06nwuNM5/dwSXOq/AAYoIBRsBmnZJSdfeNW5rnff7NTAz3ZCqR9Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/curves': 1.0.0
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      '@scure/base': 1.1.3
    dev: false

  /@scure/bip32@1.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-N1ZhksgwD3OBlwTv3R6KFEcPojl/W4ElJOeCZdi+vuI5QmTFwLq3OFf2zd2ROpKvxFdgZ6hUpb0dx9bVNEwYCA==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/curves': 1.2.0
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      '@scure/base': 1.1.3
    dev: false

  /@scure/bip39@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pwrPOS16VeTKg98dYXQyIjJEcWfz7/1YJIwxUEPFfQPtc86Ym/1sVgQ2RLoD43AazMk2l/unK4ITySSpW2+82w==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.1.2
      '@scure/base': 1.1.3
    dev: false

  /@scure/bip39@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-SX/uKq52cuxm4YFXWFaVByaSHJh2w3BnokVSeUJVCv6K7WulT9u2BuNRBhuFl8vAuYnzx9bEu9WgpcNYTrYieg==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      '@scure/base': 1.1.3
    dev: false

  /@scure/bip39@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Z3/Fsz1yr904dduJD0NpiyRHhRYHdcnyh73FZWiV+/qhWi83wNJ3NWolYqCEN+ZWsUz2TWwajJggcRE9r1zUYg==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      '@scure/base': 1.1.3
    dev: false

  /@sindresorhus/is@4.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-t09vSN3MdfsyCHoFcTRCH/iUtG7OJ0CsjzB8cjAmKc/va/kIgeDI/TxsigdncE/4be734m0cvIYwNaV4i2XqAw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /@solana/buffer-layout@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lR0EMP2HC3+Mxwd4YcnZb0smnaDw7Bl2IQWZiTevRH5ZZBZn6VRWn3/92E3qdU4SSImJkA6IDHawOHAnx/qUvQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=5.10'}
    dependencies:
      buffer: 6.0.3
    dev: false

  /@solana/web3.js@1.87.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WGLzTZpi00vP443qGK3gL+LZXQJwaWkh6bzNXYpMTCAH2Z102y3YbPWOoQzJUeRSZWSXKh7MFkA3vDMFlMvGZQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/runtime': 7.23.2
      '@noble/curves': 1.2.0
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      '@solana/buffer-layout': 4.0.0
      agentkeepalive: 4.5.0
      bigint-buffer: 1.1.5
      bn.js: 5.2.1
      borsh: 0.7.0
      bs58: 4.0.1
      buffer: 6.0.3
      fast-stable-stringify: 1.0.0
      jayson: 4.1.0
      node-fetch: 2.7.0
      rpc-websockets: 7.6.1
      superstruct: 0.14.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@spruceid/siwe-parser@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9WuA0ios2537cWYu39MMeH0O2KdrMKgKlOBUTWRTXQjCYu5B+mHCA0JkCbFaJ/0EjxoVIcYCXIW/DoPEpw+PqA==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      apg-js: 4.2.1
      uri-js: 4.4.1
      valid-url: 1.0.9
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/aead@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-q39ik6sxGHewqtO0nP4BuSe3db5G1fEJE8ukvngS2gLkBXyy6E7pLubhbYgnkDFv6V8cWaxcE4Xn0t6LWcJkyg==}
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/binary@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ClJWvmL6UBM/wjkvv/7m5VP3GMr9t0osr4yVgLZsLCOz4hGN9gIAFEqnJ0TsSMAN+n840nf2cHZnA5/KFqHC7Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/int': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/bytes@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Kre4Y4kdwuqL8BR2E9hV/R5sOrUj6NanZaZis0V6lX5yzqC3hBuVSDXUIBqQv/sCpmuWRiHLwqiT1pqqjuBXoQ==}
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/chacha20poly1305@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MmViqnqHd1ymwjOQfghRKw2R/jMIGT3wySN7cthjXCBdO+qErNPUBnRzqNpnvIwg7JBCg3LdeCZZO4de/yEhVA==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/aead': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/binary': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/chacha': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/constant-time': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/poly1305': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/chacha@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Pmlrswzr0pBzDofdFuVe1q7KdsHKhhU24e8gkEwnTGOmlC7PADzLVxGdn2PoNVBBabdg0l/IfLKg6sHAbTQugg==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/binary': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/constant-time@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tNOs3uD0vSJcK6z1fvef4Y+buN7DXhzHDPqRLSXUel1UfqMB1PWNsnnAezrKfEwTLpN0cGH2p9NNjs6IqeD0eg==}
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/ed25519@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-puIMWaX9QlRsbhxfDc5i+mNPMY+0TmQEskunY1rZEBPi1acBCVQAhnsk/1Hk50DGPtVsZtAWQg4NHGlVaO9Hqg==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/random': 1.0.2
      '@stablelib/sha512': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/hash@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eTPJc/stDkdtOcrNMZ6mcMK1e6yBbqRBaNW55XA1jU8w/7QdnCF0CmMmOD1m7VSkBR44PWrMHU2l6r8YEQHMgg==}
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/hkdf@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-SBEHYE16ZXlHuaW5RcGk533YlBj4grMeg5TooN80W3NpcHRtLZLLXvKyX0qcRFxf+BGDobJLnwkvgEwHIDBR6g==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/hash': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/hmac': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/hmac@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-V2APD9NSnhVpV/QMYgCVMIYKiYG6LSqw1S65wxVoirhU/51ACio6D4yDVSwMzuTJXWZoVHbDdINioBwKy5kVmA==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/constant-time': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/hash': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/int@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-byr69X/sDtDiIjIV6m4roLVWnNNlRGzsvxw+agj8CIEazqWGOQp2dTYgQhtyVXV9wpO6WyXRQUzLV/JRNumT2w==}
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/keyagreement@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VKL6xBwgJnI6l1jKrBAfn265cspaWBPAPEc62VBQrWHLqVgNRE09gQ/AnOEyKUWrrqfD+xSQ3u42gJjLDdMDQg==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/bytes': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/poly1305@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1HlG3oTSuQDOhSnLwJRKeTRSAdFNVB/1djy2ZbS35rBSJ/PFqx9cf9qatinWghC2UbfOYD8AcrtbUQl8WoxabA==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/constant-time': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/random@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rIsE83Xpb7clHPVRlBj8qNe5L8ISQOzjghYQm/dZ7VaM2KHYwMW5adjQjrzTZCchFnNCNhkwtnOBa9HTMJCI8w==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/binary': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/sha256@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GIIH3e6KH+91FqGV42Kcj71Uefd/QEe7Dy42sBTeqppXV95ggCcxLTk39bEr+lZfJmp+ghsR07J++ORkRELsBQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/binary': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/hash': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/sha512@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-13gl/iawHV9zvDKciLo1fQ8Bgn2Pvf7OV6amaRVKiq3pjQ3UmEpXxWiAfV8tYjUpeZroBxtyrwtdooQT/i3hzw==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/binary': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/hash': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/wipe@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WfqfX/eXGiAd3RJe4VU2snh/ZPwtSjLG4ynQ/vYzvghTh7dHFcI1wl+nrkWG6lGhukOxOsUHfv8dUXr58D0ayg==}
    dev: false

  /@stablelib/x25519@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KnTbKmUhPhHavzobclVJQG5kuivH+qDLpe84iRqX3CLrKp881cF160JvXJ+hjn1aMyCwYOKeIZefIH/P5cJoRw==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/keyagreement': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/random': 1.0.2
      '@stablelib/wipe': 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /@szmarczak/http-timer@4.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4BAffykYOgO+5nzBWYwE3W90sBgLJoUPRWWcL8wlyiM8IB8ipJz3UMJ9KXQd1RKQXpKp8Tutn80HZtWsu2u76w==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      defer-to-connect: 2.0.1
    dev: false

  /@szmarczak/http-timer@5.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+PmQX0PiAYPMeVYe237LJAYvOMYW1j2rH5YROyS3b4CTVJum34HfRvKvAzozHAQG0TnHNdUfY9nCeUyRAs//cw==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.16'}
    dependencies:
      defer-to-connect: 2.0.1
    dev: false

  /@tailwindcss/forms@0.5.6(tailwindcss@3.3.5):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Fw+2BJ0tmAwK/w01tEFL5TiaJBX1NLT1/YbWgvm7ws3Qcn11kiXxzNTEQDMs5V3mQemhB56l3u0i9dwdzSQldA==}
    peerDependencies:
      tailwindcss: '>=3.0.0 || >= 3.0.0-alpha.1'
    dependencies:
      mini-svg-data-uri: 1.4.4
      tailwindcss: 3.3.5(ts-node@10.9.1)
    dev: false

  /@tanstack/query-core@4.36.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DJSilV5+ytBP1FbFcEJovv4rnnm/CokuVvrBEtW/Va9DvuJ3HksbXUJEpI0aV1KtuL4ZoO9AVE6PyNLzF7tLeA==}
    dev: false

  /@tanstack/query-persist-client-core@4.36.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eocgCeI7D7TRv1IUUBMfVwOI0wdSmMkBIbkKhqEdTrnUHUQEeOaYac8oeZk2cumAWJdycu6P/wB+WqGynTnzXg==}
    dependencies:
      '@tanstack/query-core': 4.36.1
    dev: false

  /@tanstack/query-sync-storage-persister@4.36.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yMEt5hWe2+1eclf1agMtXHnPIkxEida0lYWkfdhR8U6KXk/lO4Vca6piJmhKI85t0NHlx3l/z6zX+t/Fn5O9NA==}
    dependencies:
      '@tanstack/query-persist-client-core': 4.36.1
    dev: false

  /@tanstack/react-query-persist-client@4.36.1(@tanstack/react-query@4.36.1):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-32I5b9aAu4NCiXZ7Te/KEQLfHbYeTNriVPrKYcvEThnZ9tlW01vLcSoxpUIsMYRsembvJUUAkzYBAiZHLOd6pQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@tanstack/react-query': ^4.36.1
    dependencies:
      '@tanstack/query-persist-client-core': 4.36.1
      '@tanstack/react-query': 4.36.1(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0)
    dev: false

  /@tanstack/react-query@4.36.1(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-y7ySVHFyyQblPl3J3eQBWpXZkliroki3ARnBKsdJchlgt7yJLRDUcf4B8soufgiYt3pEQIkBWBx1N9/ZPIeUWw==}
    peerDependencies:
      react: ^16.8.0 || ^17.0.0 || ^18.0.0
      react-dom: ^16.8.0 || ^17.0.0 || ^18.0.0
      react-native: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      react-dom:
        optional: true
      react-native:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@tanstack/query-core': 4.36.1
      react: 18.2.0
      react-dom: 18.2.0(react@18.2.0)
      use-sync-external-store: 1.2.0(react@18.2.0)
    dev: false

  /@truffle/hdwallet-provider@2.1.15(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-I5cSS+5LygA3WFzru9aC5+yDXVowEEbLCx0ckl/RqJ2/SCiYXkzYlR5/DjjDJuCtYhivhrn2RP9AheeFlRF+qw==}
    engines: {node: ^16.20 || ^18.16 || >=20}
    dependencies:
      '@ethereumjs/common': 2.6.5
      '@ethereumjs/tx': 3.5.2
      '@metamask/eth-sig-util': 4.0.1
      '@truffle/hdwallet': 0.1.4
      '@types/ethereum-protocol': 1.0.4
      '@types/web3': 1.0.20
      '@types/web3-provider-engine': 14.0.3
      ethereum-cryptography: 1.1.2
      ethereum-protocol: 1.0.1
      ethereumjs-util: 7.1.5
      web3: 1.10.0
      web3-provider-engine: 16.0.3(@babel/core@7.23.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@babel/core'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@truffle/hdwallet@0.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-D3SN0iw3sMWUXjWAedP6RJtopo9qQXYi80inzbtcsoso4VhxFxCwFvCErCl4b27AEJ9pkAtgnxEFRaSKdMmi1Q==}
    engines: {node: ^16.20 || ^18.16 || >=20}
    dependencies:
      ethereum-cryptography: 1.1.2
      keccak: 3.0.2
      secp256k1: 4.0.3
    dev: false

  /@tsconfig/node10@1.0.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jNsYVVxU8v5g43Erja32laIDHXeoNvFEpX33OK4d6hljo3jDhCBDhx5dhCCTMWUojscpAagGiRkBKxpdl9fxqA==}

  /@tsconfig/node12@1.0.11:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cqefuRsh12pWyGsIoBKJA9luFu3mRxCA+ORZvA4ktLSzIuCUtWVxGIuXigEwO5/ywWFMZ2QEGKWvkZG1zDMTag==}

  /@tsconfig/node14@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ysT8mhdixWK6Hw3i1V2AeRqZ5WfXg1G43mqoYlM2nc6388Fq5jcXyr5mRsqViLx/GJYdoL0bfXD8nmF+Zn/Iow==}

  /@tsconfig/node16@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vxhUy4J8lyeyinH7Azl1pdd43GJhZH/tP2weN8TntQblOY+A0XbT8DJk1/oCPuOOyg/Ja757rG0CgHcWC8OfMA==}

  /@typechain/ethers-v6@0.5.1(ethers@6.8.0)(typechain@8.3.2)(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-F+GklO8jBWlsaVV+9oHaPh5NJdd6rAKN4tklGfInX1Q7h0xPgVLP39Jl3eCulPB5qexI71ZFHwbljx4ZXNfouA==}
    peerDependencies:
      ethers: 6.x
      typechain: ^8.3.2
      typescript: '>=4.7.0'
    dependencies:
      ethers: 6.8.0
      lodash: 4.17.21
      ts-essentials: 7.0.3(typescript@5.2.2)
      typechain: 8.3.2(typescript@5.2.2)
      typescript: 5.2.2
    dev: false

  /@types/babel__core@7.20.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-54fjTSeSHwfan8AyHWrKbfBWiEUrNTZsUwPTDSNaaP1QDQIZbeNUg3a59E9D+375MzUw/x1vx2/0F5LBz+AeYA==}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/parser': 7.23.0
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
      '@types/babel__generator': 7.6.6
      '@types/babel__template': 7.4.3
      '@types/babel__traverse': 7.20.3
    dev: true

  /@types/babel__generator@7.6.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-66BXMKb/sUWbMdBNdMvajU7i/44RkrA3z/Yt1c7R5xejt8qh84iU54yUWCtm0QwGJlDcf/gg4zd/x4mpLAlb/w==}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
    dev: true

  /@types/babel__template@7.4.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ciwyCLeuRfxboZ4isgdNZi/tkt06m8Tw6uGbBSBgWrnnZGNXiEyM27xc/PjXGQLqlZ6ylbgHMnm7ccF9tCkOeQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/parser': 7.23.0
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
    dev: true

  /@types/babel__traverse@7.20.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Lsh766rGEFbaxMIDH7Qa+Yha8cMVI3qAK6CHt3OR0YfxOIn5Z54iHiyDRycHrBqeIiqGa20Kpsv1cavfBKkRSw==}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/types': 7.23.0
    dev: true

  /@types/bn.js@4.11.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pqr857jrp2kPuO9uRjZ3PwnJTjoQy+fcdxvBTvHm6dkmEL9q+hDD/2j/0ELOBPtPnS8LjCX0gI9nbl8lVkadpg==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@types/bn.js@5.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wT1B4iIO82ecXkdN6waCK8Ou7E71WU+mP1osDA5Q8c6Ur+ozU2vIKUIhSpUr6uE5L2YHocKS1Z2jG2fBC1YVeg==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@types/cacheable-request@6.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-IQ3EbTzGxIigb1I3qPZc1rWJnH0BmSKv5QYTalEwweFvyBDLSAe24zP0le/hyi7ecGfZVlIVAg4BZqb8WBwKqw==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/http-cache-semantics': 4.0.3
      '@types/keyv': 3.1.4
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
      '@types/responselike': 1.0.2
    dev: false

  /@types/connect@3.4.35:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cdeYyv4KWoEgpBISTxWvqYsVy444DOqehiF3fM3ne10AmJ62RSyNkUnxMJXHQWRQQX2eR94m5y1IZyDwBjV9FQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@types/debug@4.1.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tOSCru6s732pofZ+sMv9o4o3Zc+Sa8l3bxd/tweTQudFn06vAzb13ZX46Zi6m6EJ+RUbRTHvgQJ1gBtSgkaUYA==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/ms': 0.7.33
    dev: false

  /@types/elliptic@6.4.16:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MSN6m9BR51W1/umzcsX0K9dAmJ59ECKxOjZ3XsjvsZAt+q0mTmKlzEdwtU+u4i+Om231d8TuY3xK6FAGIs5MbA==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/bn.js': 5.1.3
    dev: false

  /@types/ethereum-protocol@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qzqIdFigCLH4ZoTjDAAz3kv6+dGXx8UVP9a5RHrJzbnaqSKEMSI/zAMgMH2HPRJrMKKYBOydYgblzS+WZG27+Q==}
    dependencies:
      bignumber.js: 7.2.1
    dev: false

  /@types/http-cache-semantics@4.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-V46MYLFp08Wf2mmaBhvgjStM3tPa+2GAdy/iqoX+noX1//zje2x4XmrIU0cAwyClATsTmahbtoQ2EwP7I5WSiA==}
    dev: false

  /@types/json-schema@7.0.14:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-U3PUjAudAdJBeC2pgN8uTIKgxrb4nlDF3SF0++EldXQvQBGkpFZMSnwQiIoDU77tv45VgNkl/L4ouD+rEomujw==}
    dev: true

  /@types/json5@0.0.29:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dRLjCWHYg4oaA77cxO64oO+7JwCwnIzkZPdrrC71jQmQtlhM556pwKo5bUzqvZndkVbeFLIIi+9TC40JNF5hNQ==}
    dev: true

  /@types/keyv@3.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BQ5aZNSCpj7D6K2ksrRCTmKRLEpnPvWDiLPfoGyhZ++8YtiK9d/3DBKPJgry359X/P1PfruyYwvnvwFjuEiEIg==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@types/ms@0.7.33:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AuHIyzR5Hea7ij0P9q7vx7xu4z0C28ucwjAZC0ja7JhINyCnOw8/DnvAPQQ9TfOlCtZAmCERKQX9+o1mgQhuOQ==}
    dev: false

  /@types/node@12.20.55:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-J8xLz7q2OFulZ2cyGTLE1TbbZcjpno7FaN6zdJNrgAdrJ+DZzh/uFR6YrTb4C+nXakvud8Q4+rbhoIWlYQbUFQ==}
    dev: false

  /@types/node@18.15.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-N+0kuo9KgrUQ1Sn/ifDXsvg0TTleP7rIy4zOBGECxAljqvqfqpTfzx0Q1NUedOixRMBfe2Whhb056a42cWs26Q==}
    dev: false

  /@types/node@20.8.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UzykFsT3FhHb1h7yD4CA4YhBHq545JC0YnEz41xkipN88eKQtL6rSgocL5tbAP6Ola9Izm/Aw4Ora8He4x0BHg==}
    dependencies:
      undici-types: 5.26.5

  /@types/normalize-package-data@2.4.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ehPtgRgaULsFG8x0NeYJvmyH1hmlfsNLujHe9dQEia/7MAJYdzMSi19JtchUHjmBA6XC/75dK55mzZH+RyieSg==}
    dev: true

  /@types/pbkdf2@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4HCoGwR3221nOc7G0Z/6KgTNGgaaFGkbGrtUJsB+zlKX2LBVjFHHIUkieMBgHHXgBH5Gq6dZHJKdBYdtlhBQvw==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@types/prettier@2.7.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+68kP9yzs4LMp7VNh8gdzMSPZFL44MLGqiHWvttYJe+6qnuVr4Ek9wSBQoveqY/r+LwjCcU29kNVkidwim+kYA==}

  /@types/prop-types@15.7.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JCB8C6SnDoQf0cNycqd/35A7MjcnK+ZTqE7judS6o7utxUCg6imJg3QK2qzHKszlTjcj2cn+NwMB2i96ubpj7w==}

  /@types/react-dom@18.0.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qnVvHxASt/H7i+XG1U1xMiY5t+IHcPGUK7TDMDzom08xa7e86eCeKOiLZezwCKVxJn6NEiiy2ekgX8aQssjIKg==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/react': 18.0.25
    dev: true

  /@types/react@18.0.25:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xD6c0KDT4m7n9uD4ZHi02lzskaiqcBxf4zi+tXZY98a04wvc0hi/TcCPC2FOESZi51Nd7tlUeOJY8RofL799/g==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/prop-types': 15.7.5
      '@types/scheduler': 0.16.2
      csstype: 3.1.1

  /@types/responselike@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/4YQT5Kp6HxUDb4yhRkm0bJ7TbjvTddqX7PZ5hz6qV3pxSo72f/6YPRo+Mu2DU307tm9IioO69l7uAwn5XNcFA==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@types/scheduler@0.16.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hppQEBDmlwhFAXKJX2KnWLYu5yMfi91yazPb2l+lbJiwW+wdo1gNeRA+3RgNSO39WYX2euey41KEwnqesU2Jew==}

  /@types/secp256k1@4.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-aIonTBMErtE3T9MxDvTZRzcrT/mCqpEZBw3CCY/i+oG9n57N/+7obBkhFgavUAIrX21bU0LHg1XRgtaLdelBhA==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@types/semver@7.5.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MMzuxN3GdFwskAnb6fz0orFvhfqi752yjaXylr0Rp4oDg5H0Zn1IuyRhDVvYOwAXoJirx2xuS16I3WjxnAIHiQ==}
    dev: true

  /@types/trusted-types@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-F5DIZ36YVLE+PN+Zwws4kJogq47hNgX3Nx6WyDJ3kcplxyke3XIzB8uK5n/Lpm1HBsbGzd6nmGehL8cPekP+Tg==}
    dev: false

  /@types/underscore@1.11.12:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-beX81q12OQo809WJ/UYCvUDvJR3YQ4wtehYYQ6eNw5VLyd+KUNBRV4FgzZCHBmACbdPulH9F9ifhxzFFU9TWvQ==}
    dev: false

  /@types/web3-provider-engine@14.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZuVzhriuFg8xdOsC6JW9krNxOAomPqwcXhyEO5/M4NGn5cMhHoUgQyKiyt++pU6tGiTRaAAIq1mL31nx5/tihw==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/ethereum-protocol': 1.0.4
    dev: false

  /@types/web3@1.0.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KTDlFuYjzCUlBDGt35Ir5QRtyV9klF84MMKUsEJK10sTWga/71V+8VYLT7yysjuBjaOx2uFYtIWNGoz3yrNDlg==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/bn.js': 5.1.3
      '@types/underscore': 1.11.12
    dev: false

  /@types/ws@7.4.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JQbbmxZTZehdc2iszGKs5oC3NFnjeay7mtAWrdt7qNtAVK0g19muApzAy4bm9byz79xa2ZnO/BOBC2R8RC5Lww==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
    dev: false

  /@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin@6.9.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lgX7F0azQwRPB7t7WAyeHWVfW1YJ9NIgd9mvGhfQpRY56X6AVf8mwM8Wol+0z4liE7XX3QOt8MN1rUKCfSjRIA==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/parser': ^6.0.0 || ^6.0.0-alpha
      eslint: ^7.0.0 || ^8.0.0
      typescript: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@eslint-community/regexpp': 4.10.0
      '@typescript-eslint/parser': 6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
      '@typescript-eslint/scope-manager': 6.9.0
      '@typescript-eslint/type-utils': 6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
      '@typescript-eslint/utils': 6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
      '@typescript-eslint/visitor-keys': 6.9.0
      debug: 4.3.4
      eslint: 8.52.0
      graphemer: 1.4.0
      ignore: 5.2.4
      natural-compare: 1.4.0
      semver: 7.5.4
      ts-api-utils: 1.0.3(typescript@5.2.2)
      typescript: 5.2.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GZmjMh4AJ/5gaH4XF2eXA8tMnHWP+Pm1mjQR2QN4Iz+j/zO04b9TOvJYOX2sCNIQHtRStKTxRY1FX7LhpJT4Gw==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^7.0.0 || ^8.0.0
      typescript: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/scope-manager': 6.9.0
      '@typescript-eslint/types': 6.9.0
      '@typescript-eslint/typescript-estree': 6.9.0(typescript@5.2.2)
      '@typescript-eslint/visitor-keys': 6.9.0
      debug: 4.3.4
      eslint: 8.52.0
      typescript: 5.2.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /@typescript-eslint/scope-manager@6.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1R8A9Mc39n4pCCz9o79qRO31HGNDvC7UhPhv26TovDsWPBDx+Sg3rOZdCELIA3ZmNoWAuxaMOT7aWtGRSYkQxw==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    dependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/types': 6.9.0
      '@typescript-eslint/visitor-keys': 6.9.0
    dev: true

  /@typescript-eslint/type-utils@6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XXeahmfbpuhVbhSOROIzJ+b13krFmgtc4GlEuu1WBT+RpyGPIA4Y/eGnXzjbDj5gZLzpAXO/sj+IF/x2GtTMjQ==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^7.0.0 || ^8.0.0
      typescript: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/typescript-estree': 6.9.0(typescript@5.2.2)
      '@typescript-eslint/utils': 6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
      debug: 4.3.4
      eslint: 8.52.0
      ts-api-utils: 1.0.3(typescript@5.2.2)
      typescript: 5.2.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /@typescript-eslint/types@6.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+KB0lbkpxBkBSiVCuQvduqMJy+I1FyDbdwSpM3IoBS7APl4Bu15lStPjgBIdykdRqQNYqYNMa8Kuidax6phaEw==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    dev: true

  /@typescript-eslint/typescript-estree@6.9.0(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NJM2BnJFZBEAbCfBP00zONKXvMqihZCrmwCaik0UhLr0vAgb6oguXxLX1k00oQyD+vZZ+CJn3kocvv2yxm4awQ==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/types': 6.9.0
      '@typescript-eslint/visitor-keys': 6.9.0
      debug: 4.3.4
      globby: 11.1.0
      is-glob: 4.0.3
      semver: 7.5.4
      ts-api-utils: 1.0.3(typescript@5.2.2)
      typescript: 5.2.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /@typescript-eslint/utils@6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5Wf+Jsqya7WcCO8me504FBigeQKVLAMPmUzYgDbWchINNh1KJbxCgVya3EQ2MjvJMVeXl3pofRmprqX6mfQkjQ==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^7.0.0 || ^8.0.0
    dependencies:
      '@eslint-community/eslint-utils': 4.4.0(eslint@8.52.0)
      '@types/json-schema': 7.0.14
      '@types/semver': 7.5.4
      '@typescript-eslint/scope-manager': 6.9.0
      '@typescript-eslint/types': 6.9.0
      '@typescript-eslint/typescript-estree': 6.9.0(typescript@5.2.2)
      eslint: 8.52.0
      semver: 7.5.4
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
      - typescript
    dev: true

  /@typescript-eslint/visitor-keys@6.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dGtAfqjV6RFOtIP8I0B4ZTBRrlTT8NHHlZZSchQx3qReaoDeXhYM++M4So2AgFK9ZB0emRPA6JI1HkafzA2Ibg==}
    engines: {node: ^16.0.0 || >=18.0.0}
    dependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/types': 6.9.0
      eslint-visitor-keys: 3.4.3
    dev: true

  /@ungap/structured-clone@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zuVdFrMJiuCDQUMCzQaD6KL28MjnqqN8XnAqiEq9PNm/hCPTSGfrXCOfwj1ow4LFb/tNymJPwsNbVePc1xFqrQ==}
    dev: true

  /@vitejs/plugin-react@4.1.0(vite@4.5.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rM0SqazU9iqPUraQ2JlIvReeaxOoRj6n+PzB1C0cBzIbd8qP336nC39/R9yPi3wVcah7E7j/kdU1uCUqMEU4OQ==}
    engines: {node: ^14.18.0 || >=16.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      vite: ^4.2.0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/plugin-transform-react-jsx-self': 7.22.5(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      '@babel/plugin-transform-react-jsx-source': 7.22.5(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      '@types/babel__core': 7.20.3
      react-refresh: 0.14.0
      vite: 4.5.0(@types/node@20.8.9)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /@wagmi/chains@1.0.0(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eNbqRWyHbivcMNq5tbXJks4NaOzVLHnNQauHPeE/EDT9AlpqzcrMc+v2T1/2Iw8zN4zgqB86NCsxeJHJs7+xng==}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=5.0.4'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      typescript: 5.2.2
    dev: false

  /@wagmi/connectors@3.1.3(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)(typescript@5.2.2)(viem@0.3.50):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UgwsQKQDFObJVJMf9pDfFoXTv710o4zrTHyhIWKBTMMkLpCMsMxN5+ZaDhBYt/BgoRinfRYQo8uwuwLhxE6Log==}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=5.0.4'
      viem: '>=0.3.35'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@coinbase/wallet-sdk': 3.7.2
      '@ledgerhq/connect-kit-loader': 1.1.2
      '@safe-global/safe-apps-provider': 0.17.1(typescript@5.2.2)
      '@safe-global/safe-apps-sdk': 8.1.0(typescript@5.2.2)
      '@walletconnect/ethereum-provider': 2.10.2(@walletconnect/modal@2.6.2)
      '@walletconnect/legacy-provider': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/modal': 2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
      '@walletconnect/utils': 2.10.2
      abitype: 0.8.7(typescript@5.2.2)
      eventemitter3: 4.0.7
      typescript: 5.2.2
      viem: 0.3.50(typescript@5.2.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - '@types/react'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - lokijs
      - react
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /@wagmi/core@1.4.5(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)(typescript@5.2.2)(viem@0.3.50):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-N9luRb1Uk4tBN9kaYcQSWKE9AsRt/rvZaFt5IZech4JPzNN2sQlfhKd9GEjOXYRDqEPHdDvos7qyBKiDNTz4GA==}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=5.0.4'
      viem: '>=0.3.35'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@wagmi/connectors': 3.1.3(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)(typescript@5.2.2)(viem@0.3.50)
      abitype: 0.8.7(typescript@5.2.2)
      eventemitter3: 4.0.7
      typescript: 5.2.2
      viem: 0.3.50(typescript@5.2.2)
      zustand: 4.4.4(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - '@types/react'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - immer
      - lokijs
      - react
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/core@2.10.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JQz/xp3SLEpTeRQctdck2ugSBVEpMxoSE+lFi2voJkZop1hv6P+uqr6E4PzjFluAjeAnKlT1xvra0aFWjPWVcw==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/heartbeat': 1.2.1
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-provider': 1.0.13
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types': 1.0.3
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-ws-connection': 1.0.13
      '@walletconnect/keyvaluestorage': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/logger': 2.0.1
      '@walletconnect/relay-api': 1.0.9
      '@walletconnect/relay-auth': 1.0.4
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/time': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/types': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/utils': 2.10.2
      events: 3.3.0
      lodash.isequal: 4.5.0
      uint8arrays: 3.1.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - bufferutil
      - lokijs
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/crypto@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+2jdORD7XQs76I2Odgr3wwrtyuLUXD/kprNVsjWRhhhdO9Mt6WqVzOPu0/t7OHSmgal8k7SoBQzUc5hu/8zL/g==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/encoding': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/environment': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/randombytes': 1.0.3
      aes-js: 3.1.2
      hash.js: 1.1.7
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/encoding@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CrwSBrjqJ7rpGQcTL3kU+Ief+Bcuu9PH6JLOb+wM6NITX1GTxR/MfNwnQfhLKK6xpRAyj2/nM04OOH6wS8Imag==}
    dependencies:
      is-typedarray: 1.0.0
      tslib: 1.14.1
      typedarray-to-buffer: 3.1.5
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/environment@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-T426LLZtHj8e8rYnKfzsw1aG6+M0BT1ZxayMdv/p8yM0MU+eJDISqNY3/bccxRr4LrF9csq02Rhqt08Ibl0VRg==}
    dependencies:
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/ethereum-provider@2.10.2(@walletconnect/modal@2.6.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QMYFZ6+rVq2CJLdIPdKK0j1Qm66UA27oQU5V2SrL8EVwl7wFfm0Bq7fnL+qAWeDpn612dNeNErpk/ROa1zWlWg==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@walletconnect/modal': '>=2'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@walletconnect/modal':
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-http-connection': 1.0.7
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-provider': 1.0.13
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types': 1.0.3
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/modal': 2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
      '@walletconnect/sign-client': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/types': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/universal-provider': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/utils': 2.10.2
      events: 3.3.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - lokijs
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/events@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NPTqaoi0oPBVNuLv7qPaJazmGHs5JGyO8eEAk5VGKmJzDR7AHzD4k6ilox5kxk1iwiOnFopBOOMLs86Oa76HpQ==}
    dependencies:
      keyvaluestorage-interface: 1.0.0
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/heartbeat@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yVzws616xsDLJxuG/28FqtZ5rzrTA4gUjdEMTbWB5Y8V1XHRmqq4efAxCw5ie7WjbXFSUyBHaWlMR+2/CpQC5Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/events': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/time': 1.0.2
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/jsonrpc-http-connection@1.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qlfh8fCfu8LOM9JRR9KE0s0wxP6ZG9/Jom8M0qsoIQeKF3Ni0FyV4V1qy/cc7nfI46SLQLSl4tgWSfLiE1swyQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      cross-fetch: 3.1.5
      tslib: 1.14.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/jsonrpc-provider@1.0.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-K73EpThqHnSR26gOyNEL+acEex3P7VWZe6KE12ZwKzAt2H4e5gldZHbjsu2QR9cLeJ8AXuO7kEMOIcRv1QEc7g==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iIQ8hboBl3o5ufmJ8cuduGad0CQm3ZlsHtujv9Eu16xq89q+BG7Nh5VLxxUgmtpnrePgFkTwXirCTkwJH1v+Yw==}
    dependencies:
      keyvaluestorage-interface: 1.0.0
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils@1.0.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vdeb03bD8VzJUL6ZtzRYsFMq1eZQcM3EAzT0a3st59dyLfJ0wq+tKMpmGH7HlB7waD858UWgfIcudbPFsbzVdw==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/environment': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types': 1.0.3
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/jsonrpc-ws-connection@1.0.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mfOM7uFH4lGtQxG+XklYuFBj6dwVvseTt5/ahOkkmpcAEgz2umuzu7fTR+h5EmjQBdrmYyEBOWADbeaFNxdySg==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      events: 3.3.0
      tslib: 1.14.1
      ws: 7.5.9
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/keyvaluestorage@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-U/nNG+VLWoPFdwwKx0oliT4ziKQCEoQ27L5Hhw8YOFGA2Po9A9pULUYNWhDgHkrb0gYDNt//X7wABcEWWBd3FQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage': 1.x
      lokijs: 1.x
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage':
        optional: true
      lokijs:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      safe-json-utils: 1.1.1
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/legacy-client@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-v5L7rYk9loVnfvUf0mF+76bUPFaU5/Vh7mzL6/950CD/yoGdzYZ3Kj+L7mkC6HPMEGeQsBP1+sqBuiVGZ/aODA==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/crypto': 1.0.3
      '@walletconnect/encoding': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/legacy-types': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/legacy-utils': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/window-getters': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/window-metadata': 1.0.1
      detect-browser: 5.3.0
      query-string: 6.13.5
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/legacy-modal@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jckNd8lMhm4X7dX9TDdxM3bXKJnaqkRs6K2Mo5j6GmbIF9Eyx40jZ5+q457RVxvM6ciZEDT5s1wBHWdWoOo+9Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/legacy-types': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/legacy-utils': 2.0.0
      copy-to-clipboard: 3.3.3
      preact: 10.18.1
      qrcode: 1.5.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/legacy-provider@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-A8xPebMI1A+50HbWwTpFCbwP7G+1NGKdTKyg8BUUg3h3Y9JucpC1W6w/x0v1Xw7qFEqQnz74LoIN/A3ytH9xrQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-http-connection': 1.0.7
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-provider': 1.0.13
      '@walletconnect/legacy-client': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/legacy-modal': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/legacy-types': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/legacy-utils': 2.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/legacy-types@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sOVrA7HUdbI1OwKyPOQU0/DdvTSVFlsXWpAk2K2WvP2erTkBWPMTJq6cv2BmKdoJ3p6gLApT7sd+jHi3OF71uw==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types': 1.0.3
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/legacy-utils@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CPWxSVVXw0kgNCxvU126g4GiV3mzXmC8IPJ15twE46aJ1FX+RHEIfAzFMFz2F2+fEhBxL63A7dwNQKDXorRPcQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/encoding': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/legacy-types': 2.0.0
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/window-getters': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/window-metadata': 1.0.1
      detect-browser: 5.3.0
      query-string: 6.13.5
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/logger@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-SsTKdsgWm+oDTBeNE/zHxxr5eJfZmE9/5yp/Ku+zJtcTAjELb3DXueWkDXmE9h8uHIbJzIb5wj5lPdzyrjT6hQ==}
    dependencies:
      pino: 7.11.0
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/modal-core@2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cv8ibvdOJQv2B+nyxP9IIFdxvQznMz8OOr/oR/AaUZym4hjXNL/l1a2UlSQBXrVjo3xxbouMxLb3kBsHoYP2CA==}
    dependencies:
      valtio: 1.11.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@types/react'
      - react
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/modal-ui@2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rbdstM1HPGvr7jprQkyPggX7rP4XiCG85ZA+zWBEX0dVQg8PpAgRUqpeub4xQKDgY7pY/xLRXSiCVdWGqvG2HA==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/modal-core': 2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
      lit: 2.8.0
      motion: 10.16.2
      qrcode: 1.5.3
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@types/react'
      - react
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/modal@2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eFopgKi8AjKf/0U4SemvcYw9zlLpx9njVN8sf6DAkowC2Md0gPU/UNEbH1Wwj407pEKnEds98pKWib1NN1ACoA==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/modal-core': 2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
      '@walletconnect/modal-ui': 2.6.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@types/react'
      - react
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/randombytes@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-35lpzxcHFbTN3ABefC9W+uBpNZl1GC4Wpx0ed30gibfO/y9oLdy1NznbV96HARQKSBV9J9M/rrtIvf6a23jfYw==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/encoding': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/environment': 1.0.1
      randombytes: 2.1.0
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/relay-api@1.0.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Q3+rylJOqRkO1D9Su0DPE3mmznbAalYapJ9qmzDgK28mYF9alcP3UwG/og5V7l7CFOqzCLi7B8BvcBUrpDj0Rg==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types': 1.0.3
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/relay-auth@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kKJcS6+WxYq5kshpPaxGHdwf5y98ZwbfuS4EE/NkQzqrDFm5Cj+dP8LofzWvjrrLkZq7Afy7WrQMXdLy8Sx7HQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/ed25519': 1.0.3
      '@stablelib/random': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/time': 1.0.2
      tslib: 1.14.1
      uint8arrays: 3.1.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/safe-json@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ogb7I27kZ3LPC3ibn8ldyUr5544t3/STow9+lzz7Sfo808YD7SBWk7SAsdBFlYgP2zDRy2hS3sKRcuSRM0OTmA==}
    dependencies:
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/sign-client@2.10.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vviSLV3f92I0bReX+OLr1HmbH0uIzYEQQFd1MzIfDk9PkfFT/LLAHhUnDaIAMkIdippqDcJia+5QEtT4JihL3Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/core': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/events': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/heartbeat': 1.2.1
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/logger': 2.0.1
      '@walletconnect/time': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/types': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/utils': 2.10.2
      events: 3.3.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - bufferutil
      - lokijs
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/time@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uzdd9woDcJ1AaBZRhqy5rNC9laqWGErfc4dxA9a87mPdKOgWMD85mcFo9dIYIts/Jwocfwn07EC6EzclKubk/g==}
    dependencies:
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/types@2.10.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-luNV+07Wdla4STi9AejseCQY31tzWKQ5a7C3zZZaRK/di+rFaAAb7YW04OP4klE7tw/mJRGPTlekZElmHxO8kQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/events': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/heartbeat': 1.2.1
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types': 1.0.3
      '@walletconnect/keyvaluestorage': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/logger': 2.0.1
      events: 3.3.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - lokijs
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/universal-provider@2.10.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wFgI0LbQ3D56sgaUMsgOHCM5m8WLxiC71BGuCKQfApgsbNMVKugYVy2zWHyUyi8sqTQHI+uSaVpDev4UHq9LEw==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-http-connection': 1.0.7
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-provider': 1.0.13
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-types': 1.0.3
      '@walletconnect/jsonrpc-utils': 1.0.8
      '@walletconnect/logger': 2.0.1
      '@walletconnect/sign-client': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/types': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/utils': 2.10.2
      events: 3.3.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - lokijs
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/utils@2.10.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-syxXRpc2yhSknMu3IfiBGobxOY7fLfLTJuw+ppKaeO6WUdZpIit3wfuGOcc0Ms3ZPFCrGfyGOoZsCvgdXtptRg==}
    dependencies:
      '@stablelib/chacha20poly1305': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/hkdf': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/random': 1.0.2
      '@stablelib/sha256': 1.0.1
      '@stablelib/x25519': 1.0.3
      '@walletconnect/relay-api': 1.0.9
      '@walletconnect/safe-json': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/time': 1.0.2
      '@walletconnect/types': 2.10.2
      '@walletconnect/window-getters': 1.0.1
      '@walletconnect/window-metadata': 1.0.1
      detect-browser: 5.3.0
      query-string: 7.1.3
      uint8arrays: 3.1.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - lokijs
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/window-getters@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vHp+HqzGxORPAN8gY03qnbTMnhqIwjeRJNOMOAzePRg4xVEEE2WvYsI9G2NMjOknA8hnuYbU3/hwLcKbjhc8+Q==}
    dependencies:
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@walletconnect/window-metadata@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9koTqyGrM2cqFRW517BPY/iEtUDx2r1+Pwwu5m7sJ7ka79wi3EyqhqcICk/yDmv6jAS1rjKgTKXlEhanYjijcA==}
    dependencies:
      '@walletconnect/window-getters': 1.0.1
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /@web3modal/core@2.4.1(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-v6Y/eQJSI2YfUTv8rGqjFabqdk3ZPjx6Fe7j5Q8fw0ZWF1YRGM3mySG457qtKQ7D7E1kNKA3BHbaOZ3pgQoG6A==}
    dependencies:
      buffer: 6.0.3
      valtio: 1.10.5(react@18.2.0)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - react
    dev: false

  /@web3modal/ethereum@2.4.1(@wagmi/core@1.4.5)(viem@0.3.50):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sp6/viEpL1yQRyQXSP76martUqr+EZ1EFaS79Z1kvdOlHg6A5BEiOOXGI5KwNTlGlaAWK2GOggoytsub1gVa5A==}
    deprecated: Please use new @web3modal/wagmi package
    peerDependencies:
      '@wagmi/core': '>=1'
      viem: '>=0.3'
    dependencies:
      '@wagmi/core': 1.4.5(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)(typescript@5.2.2)(viem@0.3.50)
      viem: 0.3.50(typescript@5.2.2)
    dev: false

  /@web3modal/react@2.4.1(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-B0qAtGYgO3gx4ZJyJWDrN1pn32qUr9p4fJeZ+FiorSJWVUzSDEPswIW6qCIGV8cnosXqV3xMqZ2Mq+0ivH8luw==}
    deprecated: Please use new @web3modal/wagmi package
    peerDependencies:
      react: '>=17'
      react-dom: '>=17'
    dependencies:
      '@web3modal/core': 2.4.1(react@18.2.0)
      '@web3modal/ui': 2.4.1(react@18.2.0)
      react: 18.2.0
      react-dom: 18.2.0(react@18.2.0)
    dev: false

  /@web3modal/ui@2.4.1(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-x1ceyd3mMJsIHs5UUTLvE+6qyCjhyjL6gB/wVmTDbwASHSQIVyshQJ+s7BwIEMP/pbAsYDg+/M8EiUuE+/E/kg==}
    dependencies:
      '@web3modal/core': 2.4.1(react@18.2.0)
      lit: 2.7.4
      motion: 10.15.5
      qrcode: 1.5.3
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - react
    dev: false

  /JSONStream@1.3.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-E+iruNOY8VV9s4JEbe1aNEm6MiszPRr/UfcHMz0TQh1BXSxHK+ASV1R6W4HpjBhSeS+54PIsAMCBmwD06LLsqQ==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      jsonparse: 1.3.1
      through: 2.3.8
    dev: false

  /abbrev@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nne9/IiQ/hzIhY6pdDnbBtz7DjPTKrY00P/zvPSm5pOFkl6xuGrGnXn/VtTNNfNtAfZ9/1RtehkszU9qcTii0Q==}
    dev: true

  /abitype@0.8.7(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wQ7hV8Yg/yKmGyFpqrNZufCxbszDe5es4AZGYPBitocfSqXtjrTG9JMWFcc4N30ukl2ve48aBTwt7NJxVQdU3w==}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=5.0.4'
      zod: ^3 >=3.19.1
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      zod:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      typescript: 5.2.2
    dev: false

  /abitype@0.9.8(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-puLifILdm+8sjyss4S+fsUN09obiT1g2YW6CtcQF+QDzxR0euzgEB29MZujC6zMk2a6SVmtttq1fc6+YFA7WYQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=5.0.4'
      zod: ^3 >=3.19.1
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
      zod:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      typescript: 5.2.2
    dev: false

  /abort-controller@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-h8lQ8tacZYnR3vNQTgibj+tODHI5/+l06Au2Pcriv/Gmet0eaj4TwWH41sO9wnHDiQsEj19q0drzdWdeAHtweg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.5'}
    dependencies:
      event-target-shim: 5.0.1
    dev: false

  /abortcontroller-polyfill@1.7.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JMJ5soJWP18htbbxJjG7bG6yuI6pRhgJ0scHHTfkUjf6wjP912xZWvM+A4sJK3gqd9E8fcPbDnOefbA9Th/FIQ==}
    dev: false

  /abstract-leveldown@2.6.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2++wDf/DYqkPR3o5tbfdhF96EfMApo1GpPfzOsR/ZYXdkSmELlvOOEAl9iKkRsktMPHdGjO4rtkBpf2I7TiTeA==}
    dependencies:
      xtend: 4.0.2
    dev: false

  /abstract-leveldown@2.7.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+OVvxH2rHVEhWLdbudP6p0+dNMXu8JA1CbhP19T8paTYAcX7oJ4OVjT+ZUVpv7mITxXHqDMej+GdqXBmXkw09w==}
    dependencies:
      xtend: 4.0.2
    dev: false

  /abstract-logging@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2BjRTZxTPvheOvGbBslFSYOUkr+SjPtOnrLP33f+VIWLzezQpZcqVg7ja3L4dBXmzzgwT+a029jRx5PCi3JuiA==}
    dev: false

  /accepts@1.3.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PYAthTa2m2VKxuvSD3DPC/Gy+U+sOA1LAuT8mkmRuvw+NACSaeXEQ+NHcVF7rONl6qcaxV3Uuemwawk+7+SJLw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dependencies:
      mime-types: 2.1.35
      negotiator: 0.6.3
    dev: false

  /acorn-jsx@5.3.2(acorn@8.11.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rq9s+JNhf0IChjtDXxllJ7g41oZk5SlXtp0LHwyA5cejwn7vKmKp4pPri6YEePv2PU65sAsegbXtIinmDFDXgQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      acorn: ^6.0.0 || ^7.0.0 || ^8.0.0
    dependencies:
      acorn: 8.11.2
    dev: true

  /acorn-walk@8.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FS7hV565M5l1R08MXqo8odwMTB02C2UqzB17RVgu9EyuYFBqJZ3/ZY97sQD5FewVu1UyDFc1yztUDrAwT0EypA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.4.0'}

  /acorn@8.11.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nc0Axzp/0FILLEVsm4fNwLCwMttvhEI263QtVPQcbpfZZ3ts0hLsZGOpE6czNlid7CJ9MlyH8reXkpsf3YUY4w==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.4.0'}
    hasBin: true

  /aes-js@3.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-e5pEa2kBnBOgR4Y/p20pskXI74UEz7de8ZGVo58asOtvSVG5YAbJeELPZxOmt+Bnz3rX753YKhfIn4X4l1PPRQ==}
    dev: false

  /aes-js@4.0.0-beta.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-G965FqalsNyrPqgEGON7nIx1e/OVENSgiEIzyC63haUMuvNnwIgIjMs52hlTCKhkBny7A2ORNlfY9Zu+jmGk1Q==}
    dev: false

  /agentkeepalive@4.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5GG/5IbQQpC9FpkRGsSvZI5QYeSCzlJHdpBQntCsuTOxhKD8lqKhrleg2Yi7yvMIf82Ycmmqln9U8V9qwEiJew==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      humanize-ms: 1.2.1
    dev: false

  /ajv-formats@2.1.1(ajv@8.12.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Wx0Kx52hxE7C18hkMEggYlEifqWZtYaRgouJor+WMdPnQyEK13vgEWyVNup7SoeeoLMsr4kf5h6dOW11I15MUA==}
    peerDependencies:
      ajv: ^8.0.0
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      ajv:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      ajv: 8.12.0
    dev: false

  /ajv@6.12.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-j3fVLgvTo527anyYyJOGTYJbG+vnnQYvE0m5mmkc1TK+nxAppkCLMIL0aZ4dblVCNoGShhm+kzE4ZUykBoMg4g==}
    dependencies:
      fast-deep-equal: 3.1.3
      fast-json-stable-stringify: 2.1.0
      json-schema-traverse: 0.4.1
      uri-js: 4.4.1

  /ajv@8.12.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sRu1kpcO9yLtYxBKvqfTeh9KzZEwO3STyX1HT+4CaDzC6HpTGYhIhPIzj9XuKU7KYDwnaeh5hcOwjy1QuJzBPA==}
    dependencies:
      fast-deep-equal: 3.1.3
      json-schema-traverse: 1.0.0
      require-from-string: 2.0.2
      uri-js: 4.4.1
    dev: false

  /ansi-regex@5.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-quJQXlTSUGL2LH9SUXo8VwsY4soanhgo6LNSm84E1LBcE8s3O0wpdiRzyR9z/ZZJMlMWv37qOOb9pdJlMUEKFQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /ansi-styles@3.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VT0ZI6kZRdTh8YyJw3SMbYm/u+NqfsAxEpWO0Pf9sq8/e94WxxOpPKx9FR1FlyCtOVDNOQ+8ntlqFxiRc+r5qA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dependencies:
      color-convert: 1.9.3

  /ansi-styles@4.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zbB9rCJAT1rbjiVDb2hqKFHNYLxgtk8NURxZ3IZwD3F6NtxbXZQCnnSi1Lkx+IDohdPlFp222wVALIheZJQSEg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      color-convert: 2.0.1

  /any-promise@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7UvmKalWRt1wgjL1RrGxoSJW/0QZFIegpeGvZG9kjp8vrRu55XTHbwnqq2GpXm9uLbcuhxm3IqX9OB4MZR1b2A==}
    dev: false

  /anymatch@3.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KMReFUr0B4t+D+OBkjR3KYqvocp2XaSzO55UcB6mgQMd3KbcE+mWTyvVV7D/zsdEbNnV6acZUutkiHQXvTr1Rw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8'}
    dependencies:
      normalize-path: 3.0.0
      picomatch: 2.3.1

  /apg-js@4.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-S3unf9jb9XrhmZYC27L5yits1p/+HqN6lksrkqKEv1U0Ytu+ENkIkOMV5+iutFjBaY9JTUCDQFS1svHsy3uNZA==}
    dev: false

  /archy@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Xg+9RwCg/0p32teKdGMPTPnVXKD0w3DfHnFTficozsAgsvq2XenPJq/MYpzzQ/v8zrOyJn6Ds39VA4JIDwFfqw==}
    dev: false

  /arg@4.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-58S9QDqG0Xx27YwPSt9fJxivjYl432YCwfDMfZ+71RAqUrZef7LrKQZ3LHLOwCS4FLNBplP533Zx895SeOCHvA==}

  /arg@5.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PYjyFOLKQ9y57JvQ6QLo8dAgNqswh8M1RMJYdQduT6xbWSgK36P/Z/v+p888pM69jMMfS8Xd8F6I1kQ/I9HUGg==}
    dev: false

  /argparse@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8+9WqebbFzpX9OR+Wa6O29asIogeRMzcGtAINdpMHHyAg10f05aSFVBbcEqGf/PXw1EjAZ+q2/bEBg3DvurK3Q==}
    dev: true

  /aria-query@5.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-b0P0sZPKtyu8HkeRAfCq0IfURZK+SuwMjY1UXGBU27wpAiTwQAIlq56IbIO+ytk/JjS1fMR14ee5WBBfKi5J6A==}
    dependencies:
      dequal: 2.0.3
    dev: true

  /array-back@3.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TkuxA4UCOvxuDK6NZYXCalszEzj+TLszyASooky+i742l9TqsOdYCMJJupxRic61hwquNtppB3hgcuq9SVSH1Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}

  /array-back@4.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NbdMezxqf94cnNfWLL7V/im0Ub+Anbb0IoZhvzie8+4HJ4nMQuzHuy49FkGYCJK2yAloZ3meiB6AVMClbrI1vg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /array-buffer-byte-length@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LPuwb2P+NrQw3XhxGc36+XSvuBPopovXYTR9Ew++Du9Yb/bx5AzBfrIsBoj0EZUifjQU+sHL21sseZ3jerWO/A==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      is-array-buffer: 3.0.2
    dev: true

  /array-flatten@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PCVAQswWemu6UdxsDFFX/+gVeYqKAod3D3UVm91jHwynguOwAvYPhx8nNlM++NqRcK6CxxpUafjmhIdKiHibqg==}
    dev: false

  /array-includes@3.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dlcsNBIiWhPkHdOEEKnehA+RNUWDc4UqFtnIXU4uuYDPtA4LDkr7qip2p0VvFAEXNDr0yWZ9PJyIRiGjRLQzwQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      is-string: 1.0.7
    dev: true

  /array-union@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HGyxoOTYUyCM6stUe6EJgnd4EoewAI7zMdfqO+kGjnlZmBDz/cR5pf8r/cR4Wq60sL/p0IkcjUEEPwS3GFrIyw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /array.prototype.findlastindex@1.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LzLoiOMAxvy+Gd3BAq3B7VeIgPdo+Q8hthvKtXybMvRV0jrXfJM/t8mw7nNlpEcVlVUnCnM2KSX4XU5HmpodOA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      es-shim-unscopables: 1.0.2
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
    dev: true

  /array.prototype.flat@1.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-djYB+Zx2vLewY8RWlNCUdHjDXs2XOgm602S9E7P/UpHgfeHL00cRiIF+IN/G/aUJ7kGPb6yO/ErDI5V2s8iycA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      es-shim-unscopables: 1.0.2
    dev: true

  /array.prototype.flatmap@1.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ewyx0c9PmpcsByhSW4r+9zDU7sGjFc86qf/kKtuSCRdhfbk0SNLLkaT5qvcHnRGgc5NP/ly/y+qkXkqONX54CQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      es-shim-unscopables: 1.0.2
    dev: true

  /array.prototype.tosorted@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HuQCHOlk1Weat5jzStICBCd83NxiIMwqDg/dHEsoefabn/hJRj5pVdWcPUSpRrwhwxZOsQassMpgN/xRYFBMIg==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      es-shim-unscopables: 1.0.2
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
    dev: true

  /arraybuffer.prototype.slice@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yMBKppFur/fbHu9/6USUe03bZ4knMYiwFBcyiaXB8Go0qNehwX6inYPzK9U0NeQvGxKthcmHcaR8P5MStSRBAw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      array-buffer-byte-length: 1.0.0
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      is-array-buffer: 3.0.2
      is-shared-array-buffer: 1.0.2
    dev: true

  /asap@2.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BSHWgDSAiKs50o2Re8ppvp3seVHXSRM44cdSsT9FfNEUUZLOGWVCsiWaRPWM1Znn+mqZ1OfVZ3z3DWEzSp7hRA==}
    dev: false

  /asn1.js@5.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+I//4cYPccV8LdmBLiX8CYvf9Sp3vQsrqu2QNXRcrbiWvcx/UdlFiqUJJzxRQxgsZmvhXhn4cSKeSmoFjVdupA==}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      inherits: 2.0.4
      minimalistic-assert: 1.0.1
      safer-buffer: 2.1.2
    dev: false

  /asn1@0.2.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ix/FxPn0MDjeyJ7i/yoHGFt/EX6LyNbxSEhPPXODPL+KB0VPk86UYfL0lMdy+KCnv+fmvIzySwaK5COwqVbWTQ==}
    dependencies:
      safer-buffer: 2.1.2
    dev: false

  /assert-plus@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NfJ4UzBCcQGLDlQq7nHxH+tv3kyZ0hHQqF5BO6J7tNJeP5do1llPr8dZ8zHonfhAu0PHAdMkSo+8o0wxg9lZWw==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8'}
    dev: false

  /ast-types-flow@0.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eBvWn1lvIApYMhzQMsu9ciLfkBY499mFZlNqG+/9WR7PVlroQw0vG30cOQQbaKz3sCEc44TAOu2ykzqXSNnwag==}
    dev: true

  /async-eventemitter@0.2.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pd20BwL7Yt1zwDFy+8MX8F1+WCT8aQeKj0kQnTrH9WaeRETlRamVhD0JtRPmrV4GfOJ2F9CvdQkZeZhnh2TuHw==}
    dependencies:
      async: 2.6.4
    dev: false

  /async-limiter@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-csOlWGAcRFJaI6m+F2WKdnMKr4HhdhFVBk0H/QbJFMCr+uO2kwohwXQPxw/9OCxp05r5ghVBFSyioixx3gfkNQ==}
    dev: false

  /async-mutex@0.2.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Hs4R+4SPgamu6rSGW8C7cV9gaWUKEHykfzCCvIRuaVv636Ju10ZdeUbvb4TBEW0INuq2DHZqXbK4Nd3yG4RaRw==}
    dependencies:
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /async@1.5.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nSVgobk4rv61R9PUSDtYt7mPVB2olxNR5RWJcAsH676/ef11bUZwvu7+RGYrYauVdDPcO519v68wRhXQtxsV9w==}
    dev: false

  /async@2.6.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mzo5dfJYwAn29PeiJ0zvwTo04zj8HDJj0Mn8TD7sno7q12prdbnasKJHhkm2c1LgrhlJ0teaea8860oxi51mGA==}
    dependencies:
      lodash: 4.17.21
    dev: false

  /asynciterator.prototype@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wwHYEIS0Q80f5mosx3L/dfG5t5rjEa9Ft51GTaNt862EnpyGHpgz2RkZvLPp1oF5TnAiTohkEKVEu8pQPJI7Vg==}
    dependencies:
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
    dev: true

  /asynckit@0.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Oei9OH4tRh0YqU3GxhX79dM/mwVgvbZJaSNaRk+bshkj0S5cfHcgYakreBjrHwatXKbz+IoIdYLxrKim2MjW0Q==}

  /atomic-sleep@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kNOjDqAh7px0XWNI+4QbzoiR/nTkHAWNud2uvnJquD1/x5a7EQZMJT0AczqK0Qn67oY/TTQ1LbUKajZpp3I9tQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dev: false

  /autoprefixer@10.4.16(postcss@8.4.31):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7vd3UC6xKp0HLfua5IjZlcXvGAGy7cBAXTg2lyQ/8WpNhd6SiZ8Be+xm3FyBSYJx5GKcpRCzBh7RH4/0dnY+uQ==}
    engines: {node: ^10 || ^12 || >=14}
    hasBin: true
    peerDependencies:
      postcss: ^8.1.0
    dependencies:
      browserslist: 4.22.1
      caniuse-lite: 1.0.30001554
      fraction.js: 4.3.7
      normalize-range: 0.1.2
      picocolors: 1.0.0
      postcss: 8.4.31
      postcss-value-parser: 4.2.0
    dev: false

  /available-typed-arrays@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DMD0KiN46eipeziST1LPP/STfDU0sufISXmjSgvVsoU2tqxctQeASejWcfNtxYKqETM1UxQ8sp2OrSBWpHY6sw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}

  /avvio@8.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TAlMYvOuwGyLK3PfBb5WKBXZmXz2fVCgv23d6zZFdle/q3gPjmxBaeuC0pY0Dzs5PWMSgfqqEZkrye19GlDTgw==}
    dependencies:
      archy: 1.0.0
      debug: 4.3.4
      fastq: 1.15.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /aws-sign2@0.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-08kcGqnYf/YmjoRhfxyu+CLxBjUtHLXLXX/vUfx9l2LYzG3c1m61nrpyFUZI6zeS+Li/wWMMidD9KgrqtGq3mA==}
    dev: false

  /aws4@1.12.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NmWvPnx0F1SfrQbYwOi7OeaNGokp9XhzNioJ/CSBs8Qa4vxug81mhJEAVZwxXuBmYB5KDRfMq/F3RR0BIU7sWg==}
    dev: false

  /axe-core@4.8.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/dlp0fxyM3R8YW7MFzaHWXrf4zzbr0vaYb23VBFCl83R7nWNPg/yaQw2Dc8jzCMmDVLhSdzH8MjrsuIUuvX+6g==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: true

  /axios@1.6.0(debug@4.3.4):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EZ1DYihju9pwVB+jg67ogm+Tmqc6JmhamRN6I4Zt8DfZu5lbcQGw3ozH9lFejSJgs/ibaef3A9PMXPLeefFGJg==}
    dependencies:
      follow-redirects: 1.15.3(debug@4.3.4)
      form-data: 4.0.0
      proxy-from-env: 1.1.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - debug
    dev: true

  /axobject-query@3.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jsyHu61e6N4Vbz/v18DHwWYKK0bSWLqn47eeDSKPB7m8tqMHF9YJ+mhIk2lVteyZrY8tnSj/jHOv4YiTCuCJgg==}
    dependencies:
      dequal: 2.0.3
    dev: true

  /babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs2@0.4.6(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jhHiWVZIlnPbEUKSSNb9YoWcQGdlTLq7z1GHL4AjFxaoOUMuuEVJ+Y4pAaQUGOGk93YsVCKPbqbfw3m0SM6H8Q==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.4.0 || ^8.0.0-0 <8.0.0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/compat-data': 7.23.2
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-define-polyfill-provider': 0.4.3(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      semver: 6.3.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /babel-plugin-polyfill-corejs3@0.8.6(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-leDIc4l4tUgU7str5BWLS2h8q2N4Nf6lGZP6UrNDxdtfF2g69eJ5L0H7S8A5Ln/arfFAfHor5InAdZuIOwZdgQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.4.0 || ^8.0.0-0 <8.0.0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-define-polyfill-provider': 0.4.3(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      core-js-compat: 3.33.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /babel-plugin-polyfill-regenerator@0.5.3(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8sHeDOmXC8csczMrYEOf0UTNa4yE2SxV5JGeT/LP1n0OYVDUUFPxG9vdk2AlDlIit4t+Kf0xCtpgXPBwnn/9pw==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@babel/core': ^7.4.0 || ^8.0.0-0 <8.0.0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/core': 7.23.2
      '@babel/helper-define-polyfill-provider': 0.4.3(@babel/core@7.23.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /backoff@2.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wC5ihrnUXmR2douXmXLCe5O3zg3GKIyvRi/hi58a/XyRxVI+3/yM0PYueQOZXPXQ9pxBislYkw+sF9b7C/RuMA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dependencies:
      precond: 0.2.3
    dev: false

  /balanced-match@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3oSeUO0TMV67hN1AmbXsK4yaqU7tjiHlbxRDZOpH0KW9+CeX4bRAaX0Anxt0tx2MrpRpWwQaPwIlISEJhYU5Pw==}

  /base-x@3.0.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-H7JU6iBHTal1gp56aKoaa//YUxEaAOUiydvrV/pILqIHXTtqxSkATOnDA2u+jZ/61sD+L/412+7kzXRtWukhpQ==}
    dependencies:
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /base16@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pNdYkNPiJUnEhnfXV56+sQy8+AaPcG3POZAUnwr4EeqCUZFz4u2PePbo3e5Gj4ziYPCWGUZT9RHisvJKnwFuBQ==}
    dev: false

  /base64-js@1.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AKpaYlHn8t4SVbOHCy+b5+KKgvR4vrsD8vbvrbiQJps7fKDTkjkDry6ji0rUJjC0kzbNePLwzxq8iypo41qeWA==}
    dev: false

  /base64url@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ir1UPr3dkwexU7FdV8qBBbNDRUhMmIekYMFZfi+C/sLNnRESKPl23nB9b2pltqfOQNnGzsDdId90AEtG5tCx4A==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}
    dev: false

  /bcrypt-pbkdf@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qeFIXtP4MSoi6NLqO12WfqARWWuCKi2Rn/9hJLEmtB5yTNr9DqFWkJRCf2qShWzPeAMRnOgCrq0sg/KLv5ES9w==}
    dependencies:
      tweetnacl: 0.14.5
    dev: false

  /before-after-hook@2.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NzUnlZexiaH/46WDhANlyR2bXRopNg4F/zuSA3OpZnllCUgRaOF2znDioDWrmbNVsuZk6l9pMquQB38cfBZwkQ==}
    dev: true

  /big-integer@1.6.51:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GPEid2Y9QU1Exl1rpO9B2IPJGHPSupF5GnVIP0blYvNOMer2bTvSWs1jGOUg04hTmu67nmLsQ9TBo1puaotBHg==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.6'}
    dev: true

  /bigint-buffer@1.1.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-trfYco6AoZ+rKhKnxA0hgX0HAbVP/s808/EuDSe2JDzUnCp/xAsli35Orvk67UrTEcwuxZqYZDmfA2RXJgxVvA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 10.0.0'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      bindings: 1.5.0
    dev: false

  /bignumber.js@7.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-S4XzBk5sMB+Rcb/LNcpzXr57VRTxgAvaAEDAl1AwRx27j00hT84O6OkteE7u8UB3NuaaygCRrEpqox4uDOrbdQ==}
    dev: false

  /bignumber.js@9.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2/mKyZH9K85bzOEfhXDBFZTGd1CTs+5IHpeFQo9luiBG7hghdC851Pj2WAhb6E3R6b9tZj/XKhbg4fum+Kepug==}
    dev: false

  /binary-extensions@2.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jDctJ/IVQbZoJykoeHbhXpOlNBqGNcwXJKJog42E5HDPUwQTSdjCHdihjj0DlnheQ7blbT6dHOafNAiS8ooQKA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /bind-decorator@1.0.11:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yzkH0uog6Vv/vQ9+rhSKxecnqGUZHYncg7qS7voz3Q76+TAi1SGiOKk2mlOvusQnFz9Dc4BC/NMkeXu11YgjJg==}
    dev: false

  /bindings@1.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-p2q/t/mhvuOj/UeLlV6566GD/guowlr0hHxClI0W9m7MWYkL1F0hLo+0Aexs9HSPCtR1SXQ0TD3MMKrXZajbiQ==}
    dependencies:
      file-uri-to-path: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /blakejs@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QXUSXI3QVc/gJME0dBpXrag1kbzOqCjCX8/b54ntNyW6sjtoqxqRk3LTmXzaJoh71zMsDCjM+47jS7XiwN/+fQ==}
    dev: false

  /bluebird@3.7.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XpNj6GDQzdfW+r2Wnn7xiSAd7TM3jzkxGXBGTtWKuSXv1xUV+azxAm8jdWZN06QTQk+2N2XB9jRDkvbmQmcRtg==}
    dev: false

  /bn.js@4.11.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XWwnNNFCuuSQ0m3r3C4LE3EiORltHd9M05pq6FOlVeiophzRbMo50Sbz1ehl8K3Z+jw9+vmgnXefY1hz8X+2wA==}
    dev: false

  /bn.js@4.12.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-c98Bf3tPniI+scsdk237ku1Dc3ujXQTSgyiPUDEOe7tRkhrqridvh8klBv0HCEso1OLOYcHuCv/cS6DNxKH+ZA==}
    dev: false

  /bn.js@5.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eXRvHzWyYPBuB4NBy0cmYQjGitUrtqwbvlzP3G6VFnNRbsZQIxQ10PbKKHt8gZ/HW/D/747aDl+QkDqg3KQLMQ==}
    dev: false

  /body-parser@1.20.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jWi7abTbYwajOytWCQc37VulmWiRae5RyTpaCyDcS5/lMdtwSz5lOpDE67srw/HYe35f1z3fDQw+3txg7gNtWw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8', npm: 1.2.8000 || >= 1.4.16}
    dependencies:
      bytes: 3.1.2
      content-type: 1.0.5
      debug: 2.6.9
      depd: 2.0.0
      destroy: 1.2.0
      http-errors: 2.0.0
      iconv-lite: 0.4.24
      on-finished: 2.4.1
      qs: 6.11.0
      raw-body: 2.5.1
      type-is: 1.6.18
      unpipe: 1.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /body-parser@1.20.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ml9pReCu3M61kGlqoTm2umSXTlRTuGTx0bfYj+uIUKKYycG5NtSbeetV3faSU6R7ajOPw0g/J1PvK4qNy7s5bA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8', npm: 1.2.8000 || >= 1.4.16}
    dependencies:
      bytes: 3.1.2
      content-type: 1.0.5
      debug: 2.6.9
      depd: 2.0.0
      destroy: 1.2.0
      http-errors: 2.0.0
      iconv-lite: 0.4.24
      on-finished: 2.4.1
      qs: 6.11.0
      raw-body: 2.5.2
      type-is: 1.6.18
      unpipe: 1.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /borsh@0.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CLCsZGIBCFnPtkNnieW/a8wmreDmfUtjU2m9yHrzPXIlNbqVs0AQrSatSG6vdNYUqdc83tkQi2eHfF98ubzQLA==}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 5.2.1
      bs58: 4.0.1
      text-encoding-utf-8: 1.0.2
    dev: false

  /bplist-parser@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-z0M+byMThzQmD9NILRniCUXYsYpjwnlO8N5uCFaCqIOpqRsJCrQL9NK3JsD67CN5a08nF5oIL2bD6loTdHOuKw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 5.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      big-integer: 1.6.51
    dev: true

  /brace-expansion@1.1.11:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iCuPHDFgrHX7H2vEI/5xpz07zSHB00TpugqhmYtVmMO6518mCuRMoOYFldEBl0g187ufozdaHgWKcYFb61qGiA==}
    dependencies:
      balanced-match: 1.0.2
      concat-map: 0.0.1

  /brace-expansion@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XnAIvQ8eM+kC6aULx6wuQiwVsnzsi9d3WxzV3FpWTGA19F621kwdbsAcFKXgKUHZWsy+mY6iL1sHTxWEFCytDA==}
    dependencies:
      balanced-match: 1.0.2
    dev: false

  /braces@3.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-b8um+L1RzM3WDSzvhm6gIz1yfTbBt6YTlcEKAvsmqCZZFw46z626lVj9j1yEPW33H5H+lBQpZMP1k8l+78Ha0A==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      fill-range: 7.0.1

  /brorand@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cKV8tMCEpQs4hK/ik71d6LrPOnpkpGBR0wzxqr68g2m/LB2GxVYQroAjMJZRVM1Y4BCjCKc3vAamxSzOY2RP+w==}
    dev: false

  /browserify-aes@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+7CHXqGuspUn/Sl5aO7Ea0xWGAtETPXNSAjHo48JfLdPWcMng33Xe4znFvQweqc/uzk5zSOI3H52CYnjCfb5hA==}
    dependencies:
      buffer-xor: 1.0.3
      cipher-base: 1.0.4
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      evp_bytestokey: 1.0.3
      inherits: 2.0.4
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /browserslist@4.22.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FEVc202+2iuClEhZhrWy6ZiAcRLvNMyYcxZ8raemul1DYVOVdFsbqckWLdsixQZCpJlwe77Z3UTalE7jsjnKfQ==}
    engines: {node: ^6 || ^7 || ^8 || ^9 || ^10 || ^11 || ^12 || >=13.7}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      caniuse-lite: 1.0.30001554
      electron-to-chromium: 1.4.568
      node-releases: 2.0.13
      update-browserslist-db: 1.0.13(browserslist@4.22.1)

  /bs58@4.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ok3Wdf5vOIlBrgCvTq96gBkJw+JUEzdBgyaza5HLtPm7yTHkjRy8+JzNyHF7BHa0bNWOQIp3m5YF0nnFcOIKLw==}
    dependencies:
      base-x: 3.0.9
    dev: false

  /bs58check@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0TS1jicxdU09dwJMNZtVAfzPi6Q6QeN0pM1Fkzrjn+XYHvzMKPU3pHVpva+769iNVSfIYWf7LJ6WR+BuuMf8cA==}
    dependencies:
      bs58: 4.0.1
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /btoa@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-SB4/MIGlsiVkMcHmT+pSmIPoNDoHg+7cMzmt3Uxt628MTz2487DKSqK/fuhFBrkuqrYv5UCEnACpF4dTFNKc/g==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4.0'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /buffer-to-arraybuffer@0.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3dthu5CYiVB1DEJp61FtApNnNndTckcqe4pFcLdvHtrpG+kcyekCJKg4MRiDcFW7A6AODnXB9U4dwQiCW5kzJQ==}
    dev: false

  /buffer-xor@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-571s0T7nZWK6vB67HI5dyUF7wXiNcfaPPPTl6zYCNApANjIvYJTg7hlud/+cJpdAhS7dVzqMLmfhfHR3rAcOjQ==}
    dev: false

  /buffer@5.7.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EHcyIPBQ4BSGlvjB16k5KgAJ27CIsHY/2JBmCRReo48y9rQ3MaUzWX3KVlBa4U7MyX02HdVj0K7C3WaB3ju7FQ==}
    dependencies:
      base64-js: 1.5.1
      ieee754: 1.2.1
    dev: false

  /buffer@6.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FTiCpNxtwiZZHEZbcbTIcZjERVICn9yq/pDFkTl95/AxzD1naBctN7YO68riM/gLSDY7sdrMby8hofADYuuqOA==}
    dependencies:
      base64-js: 1.5.1
      ieee754: 1.2.1
    dev: false

  /bufferutil@4.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kukuqc39WOHtdxtw4UScxF/WVnMFVSQVKhtx3AjZJzhd0RGZZldcrfSEbVsWWe6KNH253574cq5F+wpv0G9pJw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.14.2'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      node-gyp-build: 4.5.0
    dev: false

  /builtin-modules@3.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zhaCDicdLuWN5UbN5IMnFqNMhNfo919sH85y2/ea+5Yg9TsTkeZxpL+JLbp6cgYFS4sRLp3YV4S6yDuqVWHYOw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: true

  /bundle-name@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PKA4BeSvBpQKQ8iPOGCSiell+N8P+Tf1DlwqmYhpe2gAhKPHn8EYOxVT+ShuGmhg8lN8XiSlS80yiExKXrURlw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      run-applescript: 5.0.0
    dev: true

  /bytes@3.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/Nf7TyzTx6S3yRJObOAV7956r8cr2+Oj8AC5dt8wSP3BQAoeX58NoHyCU8P8zGkNXStjTSi6fzO6F0pBdcYbEg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dev: false

  /cacheable-lookup@5.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2/kNscPhpcxrOigMZzbiWF7dz8ilhb/nIHU3EyZiXWXpeq/au8qJ8VhdftMkty3n7Gj6HIGalQG8oiBNB3AJgA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.6.0'}
    dev: false

  /cacheable-lookup@6.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KJ/Dmo1lDDhmW2XDPMo+9oiy/CeqosPguPCrgcVzKyZrL6pM1gU2GmPY/xo6OQPTUaA/c0kwHuywB4E6nmT9ww==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.6.0'}
    dev: false

  /cacheable-request@7.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-v+p6ongsrp0yTGbJXjgxPow2+DL93DASP4kXCDKb8/bwRtt9OEF3whggkkDkGNzgcWy2XaF4a8nZglC7uElscg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      clone-response: 1.0.3
      get-stream: 5.2.0
      http-cache-semantics: 4.1.1
      keyv: 4.5.4
      lowercase-keys: 2.0.0
      normalize-url: 6.1.0
      responselike: 2.0.1
    dev: false

  /call-bind@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7O+FbCihrB5WGbFYesctwmTKae6rOiIzmz1icreWJ+0aA7LJfuqhEso2T9ncpcFtzMQtzXf2QGGueWJGTYsqrA==}
    dependencies:
      function-bind: 1.1.1
      get-intrinsic: 1.1.3

  /call-bind@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-C3nQxfFZxFRVoJoGKKI8y3MOEo129NQ+FgQ08iye+Mk4zNZZGdjfs06bVTr+DBSlA66Q2VEcMki/cUCP4SercQ==}
    dependencies:
      function-bind: 1.1.2
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      set-function-length: 1.1.1
    dev: true

  /callsites@3.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-P8BjAsXvZS+VIDUI11hHCQEv74YT67YUi5JJFNWIqL235sBmjX4+qx9Muvls5ivyNENctx46xQLQ3aTuE7ssaQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: true

  /camelcase-css@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QOSvevhslijgYwRx6Rv7zKdMF8lbRmx+uQGx2+vDc+KI/eBnsy9kit5aj23AgGu3pa4t9AgwbnXWqS+iOY+2aA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    dev: false

  /camelcase@5.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-L28STB170nwWS63UjtlEOE3dldQApaJXZkOI1uMFfzf3rRuPegHaHesyee+YxQ+W6SvRDQV6UrdOdRiR153wJg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: false

  /caniuse-lite@1.0.30001554:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-A2E3U//MBwbJVzebddm1YfNp7Nud5Ip+IPn4BozBmn4KqVX7AvluoIDFWjsv5OkGnKUXQVmMSoMKLa3ScCblcQ==}

  /caseless@0.12.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4tYFyifaFfGacoiObjJegolkwSU4xQNGbVgUiNYVUxbQ2x2lUsFvY4hVgVzGiIe6WLOPqycWXA40l+PWsxthUw==}
    dev: false

  /chalk@2.4.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Mti+f9lpJNcwF4tWV8/OrTTtF1gZi+f8FqlyAdouralcFWFQWF2+NgCHShjkCb+IFBLq9buZwE1xckQU4peSuQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dependencies:
      ansi-styles: 3.2.1
      escape-string-regexp: 1.0.5
      supports-color: 5.5.0

  /chalk@4.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oKnbhFyRIXpUuez8iBMmyEa4nbj4IOQyuhc/wy9kY7/WVPcwIO9VA668Pu8RkO7+0G76SLROeyw9CpQ061i4mA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      ansi-styles: 4.3.0
      supports-color: 7.2.0

  /checkpoint-store@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-J/NdY2WvIx654cc6LWSq/IYFFCUf75fFTgwzFnmbqyORH4MwgiQCgswLLKBGzmsyTI5V7i5bp/So6sMbDWhedg==}
    dependencies:
      functional-red-black-tree: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /chokidar@3.5.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Dr3sfKRP6oTcjf2JmUmFJfeVMvXBdegxB0iVQ5eb2V10uFJUCAS8OByZdVAyVb8xXNz3GjjTgj9kLWsZTqE6kw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      anymatch: 3.1.3
      braces: 3.0.2
      glob-parent: 5.1.2
      is-binary-path: 2.1.0
      is-glob: 4.0.3
      normalize-path: 3.0.0
      readdirp: 3.6.0
    optionalDependencies:
      fsevents: 2.3.2

  /chownr@1.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jJ0bqzaylmJtVnNgzTeSOs8DPavpbYgEr/b0YL8/2GO3xJEhInFmhKMUnEJQjZumK7KXGFhUy89PrsJWlakBVg==}
    dev: false

  /ci-info@3.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NIxF55hv4nSqQswkAeiOi1r83xy8JldOFDTWiug55KBu9Jnblncd2U6ViHmYgHf01TPZS77NJBhBMKdWj9HQMQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /cids@0.7.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zT7mPeghoWAu+ppn8+BS1tQ5qGmbMfB4AregnQjA/qHY3GC1m1ptI9GkWNlgeu38r7CuRdXB47uY2XgAYt6QVA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0.0', npm: '>=3.0.0'}
    deprecated: This module has been superseded by the multiformats module
    dependencies:
      buffer: 5.7.1
      class-is: 1.1.0
      multibase: 0.6.1
      multicodec: 1.0.4
      multihashes: 0.4.21
    dev: false

  /cipher-base@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Kkht5ye6ZGmwv40uUDZztayT2ThLQGfnj/T71N/XzeZeo3nf8foyW7zGTsPYkEya3m5f3cAypH+qe7YOrM1U2Q==}
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /class-is@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rhjH9AG1fvabIDoGRVH587413LPjTZgmDF9fOFCbFJQV4yuocX1mHxxvXI4g3cGwbVY9wAYIoKlg1N79frJKQw==}
    dev: false

  /clean-regexp@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GfisEZEJvzKrmGWkvfhgzcz/BllN1USeqD2V6tg14OAOgaCD2Z/PUEuxnAZ/nPvmaHRG7a8y77p1T/IRQ4D1Hw==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dependencies:
      escape-string-regexp: 1.0.5
    dev: true

  /cliui@6.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-t6wbgtoCXvAzst7QgXxJYqPt0usEfbgQdftEPbLL/cvv6HPE5VgvqCuAIDR0NgU52ds6rFwqrgakNLrHEjCbrQ==}
    dependencies:
      string-width: 4.2.3
      strip-ansi: 6.0.1
      wrap-ansi: 6.2.0
    dev: false

  /cliui@8.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BSeNnyus75C4//NQ9gQt1/csTXyo/8Sb+afLAkzAptFuMsod9HFokGNudZpi/oQV73hnVK+sR+5PVRMd+Dr7YQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      string-width: 4.2.3
      strip-ansi: 6.0.1
      wrap-ansi: 7.0.0
    dev: true

  /clone-response@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ROoL94jJH2dUVML2Y/5PEDNaSHgeOdSDicUyS7izcF63G6sTc/FTjLub4b8Il9S8S0beOfYt0TaA5qvFK+w0wA==}
    dependencies:
      mimic-response: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /clone@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3Pe/CF1Nn94hyhIYpjtiLhdCoEoz0DqQ+988E9gmeEdQZlojxnOb74wctFyuwWQHzqyf9X7C7MG8juUpqBJT8w==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8'}
    dev: false

  /clsx@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EcR6r5a8bj6pu3ycsa/E/cKVGuTgZJZdsyUYHOksG/UHIiKfjxzRxYJpyVBwYaQeOvghal9fcc4PidlgzugAQg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: false

  /color-convert@1.9.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QfAUtd+vFdAtFQcC8CCyYt1fYWxSqAiK2cSD6zDB8N3cpsEBAvRxp9zOGg6G/SHHJYAT88/az/IuDGALsNVbGg==}
    dependencies:
      color-name: 1.1.3

  /color-convert@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RRECPsj7iu/xb5oKYcsFHSppFNnsj/52OVTRKb4zP5onXwVF3zVmmToNcOfGC+CRDpfK/U584fMg38ZHCaElKQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=7.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      color-name: 1.1.4

  /color-name@1.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-72fSenhMw2HZMTVHeCA9KCmpEIbzWiQsjN+BHcBbS9vr1mtt+vJjPdksIBNUmKAW8TFUDPJK5SUU3QhE9NEXDw==}

  /color-name@1.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dOy+3AuW3a2wNbZHIuMZpTcgjGuLU/uBL/ubcZF9OXbDo8ff4O8yVp5Bf0efS8uEoYo5q4Fx7dY9OgQGXgAsQA==}

  /combined-stream@1.0.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FQN4MRfuJeHf7cBbBMJFXhKSDq+2kAArBlmRBvcvFE5BB1HZKXtSFASDhdlz9zOYwxh8lDdnvmMOe/+5cdoEdg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dependencies:
      delayed-stream: 1.0.0

  /command-line-args@5.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-H4UfQhZyakIjC74I9d34fGYDwk3XpSr17QhEd0Q3I9Xq1CETHo4Hcuo87WyWHpAF1aSLjLRf5lD9ZGX2qStUvg==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      array-back: 3.1.0
      find-replace: 3.0.0
      lodash.camelcase: 4.3.0
      typical: 4.0.0

  /command-line-usage@6.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sH5ZSPr+7UStsloltmDh7Ce5fb8XPlHyoPzTpyyMuYCtervL65+ubVZ6Q61cFtFl62UyJlc8/JwERRbAFPUqgw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      array-back: 4.0.2
      chalk: 2.4.2
      table-layout: 1.0.2
      typical: 5.2.0

  /commander@2.20.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GpVkmM8vF2vQUkj2LvZmD35JxeJOLCwJ9cUkugyk2nuhbv3+mJvpLYYt+0+USMxE+oj+ey/lJEnhZw75x/OMcQ==}
    dev: false

  /commander@4.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NOKm8xhkzAjzFx8B2v5OAHT+u5pRQc2UCa2Vq9jYL/31o2wi9mxBA7LIFs3sV5VSC49z6pEhfbMULvShKj26WA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    dev: false

  /concat-map@0.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/Srv4dswyQNBfohGpz9o6Yb3Gz3SrUDqBH5rTuhGR7ahtlbYKnVxw2bCFMRljaA7EXHaXZ8wsHdodFvbkhKmqg==}

  /concurrently@8.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1dP4gpXFhei8IOtlXRE/T/4H88ElHgTiUzh71YUmtjTEHMSRS2Z/fgOxHSxxusGHogsRfxNq1vyAwxSC+EVyDg==}
    engines: {node: ^14.13.0 || >=16.0.0}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      chalk: 4.1.2
      date-fns: 2.30.0
      lodash: 4.17.21
      rxjs: 7.8.1
      shell-quote: 1.8.1
      spawn-command: 0.0.2
      supports-color: 8.1.1
      tree-kill: 1.2.2
      yargs: 17.7.2
    dev: true

  /content-disposition@0.5.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FveZTNuGw04cxlAiWbzi6zTAL/lhehaWbTtgluJh4/E95DqMwTmha3KZN1aAWA8cFIhHzMZUvLevkw5Rqk+tSQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dependencies:
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /content-hash@2.5.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FvIQKy0S1JaWV10sMsA7TRx8bpU+pqPkhbsfvOJAdjRXvYxEckAwQWGwtRjiaJfh+E0DvcWUGqcdjwMGFjsSdw==}
    dependencies:
      cids: 0.7.5
      multicodec: 0.5.7
      multihashes: 0.4.21
    dev: false

  /content-type@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nTjqfcBFEipKdXCv4YDQWCfmcLZKm81ldF0pAopTvyrFGVbcR6P/VAAd5G7N+0tTr8QqiU0tFadD6FK4NtJwOA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /convert-source-map@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Kvp459HrV2FEJ1CAsi1Ku+MY3kasH19TFykTz2xWmMeq6bk2NU3XXvfJ+Q61m0xktWwt+1HSYf3JZsTms3aRJg==}

  /cookie-signature@1.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QADzlaHc8icV8I7vbaJXJwod9HWYp8uCqf1xa4OfNu1T7JVxQIrUgOWtHdNDtPiywmFbiS12VjotIXLrKM3orQ==}
    dev: false

  /cookie@0.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YZ3GUyn/o8gfKJlnlX7g7xq4gyO6OSuhGPKaaGssGB2qgDUS0gPgtTvoyZLTt9Ab6dC4hfc9dV5arkvc/OCmrw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /copy-to-clipboard@3.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2KV8NhB5JqC3ky0r9PMCAZKbUHSwtEo4CwCs0KXgruG43gX5PMqDEBbVU4OUzw2MuAWUfsuFmWvEKG5QRfSnJA==}
    dependencies:
      toggle-selection: 1.0.6
    dev: false

  /core-js-compat@3.33.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6pYKNOgD/j/bkC5xS5IIg6bncid3rfrI42oBH1SQJbsmYPKF7rhzcFzYCcxYMmNQQ0rCEB8WqpW7QHndOggaeQ==}
    dependencies:
      browserslist: 4.22.1
    dev: false

  /core-util-is@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3lqz5YjWTYnW6dlDa5TLaTCcShfar1e40rmcJVwCBJC6mWlFuj0eCHIElmG1g5kyuJ/GD+8Wn4FFCcz4gJPfaQ==}
    dev: false

  /core-util-is@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZQBvi1DcpJ4GDqanjucZ2Hj3wEO5pZDS89BWbkcrvdxksJorwUDDZamX9ldFkp9aw2lmBDLgkObEA4DWNJ9FYQ==}
    dev: false

  /cors@2.8.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KIHbLJqu73RGr/hnbrO9uBeixNGuvSQjul/jdFvS/KFSIH1hWVd1ng7zOHx+YrEfInLG7q4n6GHQ9cDtxv/P6g==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.10'}
    dependencies:
      object-assign: 4.1.1
      vary: 1.1.2
    dev: false

  /crc-32@1.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ROmzCKrTnOwybPcJApAA6WBWij23HVfGVNKqqrZpuyZOHqK2CwHSvpGuyt/UNNvaIjEd8X5IFGp4Mh+Ie1IHJQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /create-hash@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-z00bCGNHDG8mHAkP7CtT1qVu+bFQUPjYq/4Iv3C3kWjTFV10zIjfSoeqXo9Asws8gwSHDGj/hl2u4OGIjapeCg==}
    dependencies:
      cipher-base: 1.0.4
      inherits: 2.0.4
      md5.js: 1.3.5
      ripemd160: 2.0.2
      sha.js: 2.4.11
    dev: false

  /create-hmac@1.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MJG9liiZ+ogc4TzUwuvbER1JRdgvUFSB5+VR/g5h82fGaIRWMWddtKBHi7/sVhfjQZ6SehlyhvQYrcYkaUIpLg==}
    dependencies:
      cipher-base: 1.0.4
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      inherits: 2.0.4
      ripemd160: 2.0.2
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
      sha.js: 2.4.11
    dev: false

  /create-require@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dcKFX3jn0MpIaXjisoRvexIJVEKzaq7z2rZKxf+MSr9TkdmHmsU4m2lcLojrj/FHl8mk5VxMmYA+ftRkP/3oKQ==}

  /cross-fetch@2.2.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9JZz+vXCmfKUZ68zAptS7k4Nu8e2qcibe7WVZYps7sAgk5R8GYTc+T1WR0v1rlP9HxgARmOX1UTIJZFytajpNA==}
    dependencies:
      node-fetch: 2.7.0
      whatwg-fetch: 2.0.4
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /cross-fetch@3.1.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lvb1SBsI0Z7GDwmuid+mU3kWVBwTVUbe7S0H52yaaAdQOXq2YktTCZdlAcNKFzE6QtRz0snpw9bNiPeOIkkQvw==}
    dependencies:
      node-fetch: 2.6.7
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /cross-spawn@7.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iRDPJKUPVEND7dHPO8rkbOnPpyDygcDFtWjpeWNCgy8WP2rXcxXL8TskReQl6OrB2G7+UJrags1q15Fudc7G6w==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8'}
    dependencies:
      path-key: 3.1.1
      shebang-command: 2.0.0
      which: 2.0.2
    dev: true

  /cssesc@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/Tb/JcjK111nNScGob5MNtsntNM1aCNUDipB/TkwZFhyDrrE47SOx/18wF2bbjgc3ZzCSKW1T5nt5EbFoAz/Vg==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /csstype@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DJR/VvkAvSZW9bTouZue2sSxDwdTN92uHjqeKVm+0dAqdfNykRzQ95tay8aXMBAAPpUiq4Qcug2L7neoRh2Egw==}

  /d@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-m62ShEObQ39CfralilEQRjH6oAMtNCV1xJyEx5LpRYUVN+EviphDgUc/F3hnYbADmkiNs67Y+3ylmlG7Lnu+FA==}
    dependencies:
      es5-ext: 0.10.62
      type: 1.2.0
    dev: false

  /damerau-levenshtein@1.0.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sdQSFB7+llfUcQHUQO3+B8ERRj0Oa4w9POWMI/puGtuf7gFywGmkaLCElnudfTiKZV+NvHqL0ifzdrI8Ro7ESA==}
    dev: true

  /dashdash@1.14.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jRFi8UDGo6j+odZiEpjazZaWqEal3w/basFjQHQEwVtZJGDpxbH1MeYluwCS8Xq5wmLJooDlMgvVarmWfGM44g==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10'}
    dependencies:
      assert-plus: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /date-fns@2.30.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fnULvOpxnC5/Vg3NCiWelDsLiUc9bRwAPs/+LfTLNvetFCtCTN+yQz15C/fs4AwX1R9K5GLtLfn8QW+dWisaAw==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.11'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/runtime': 7.23.2
    dev: true

  /debug@2.6.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bC7ElrdJaJnPbAP+1EotYvqZsb3ecl5wi6Bfi6BJTUcNowp6cvspg0jXznRTKDjm/E7AdgFBVeAPVMNcKGsHMA==}
    peerDependencies:
      supports-color: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      supports-color:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      ms: 2.0.0
    dev: false

  /debug@3.2.7(supports-color@5.5.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CFjzYYAi4ThfiQvizrFQevTTXHtnCqWfe7x1AhgEscTz6ZbLbfoLRLPugTQyBth6f8ZERVUSyWHFD/7Wu4t1XQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      supports-color: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      supports-color:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      ms: 2.1.3
      supports-color: 5.5.0
    dev: true

  /debug@4.3.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PRWFHuSU3eDtQJPvnNY7Jcket1j0t5OuOsFzPPzsekD52Zl8qUfFIPEiswXqIvHWGVHOgX+7G/vCNNhehwxfkQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      supports-color: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      supports-color:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      ms: 2.1.2

  /decamelize@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-z2S+W9X73hAUUki+N+9Za2lBlun89zigOyGrsax+KUQ6wKW4ZoWpEYBkGhQjwAjjDCkWxhY0VKEhk8wzY7F5cA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /decode-uri-component@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hjf+xovcEn31w/EUYdTXQh/8smFL/dzYjohQGEIgjyNavaJfBY2p5F527Bo1VPATxv0VYTUC2bOcXvqFwk78Og==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10'}
    dev: false

  /decode-uri-component@0.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FqUYQ+8o158GyGTrMFJms9qh3CqTKvAqgqsTnkLI8sKu0028orqBhxNMFkFen0zGyg6epACD32pjVk58ngIErQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10'}
    dev: false

  /decompress-response@3.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BzRPQuY1ip+qDonAOz42gRm/pg9F768C+npV/4JOsxRC2sq+Rlk+Q4ZCAsOhnIaMrgarILY+RMUIvMmmX1qAEA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dependencies:
      mimic-response: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /decompress-response@6.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-aW35yZM6Bb/4oJlZncMH2LCoZtJXTRxES17vE3hoRiowU2kWHaJKFkSBDnDR+cm9J+9QhXmREyIfv0pji9ejCQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      mimic-response: 3.1.0
    dev: false

  /deep-extend@0.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LOHxIOaPYdHlJRtCQfDIVZtfw/ufM8+rVj649RIHzcm/vGwQRXFt6OPqIFWsm2XEMrNIEtWR64sY1LEKD2vAOA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0.0'}

  /deep-is@0.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oIPzksmTg4/MriiaYGO+okXDT7ztn/w3Eptv/+gSIdMdKsJo0u4CfYNFJPy+4SKMuCqGw2wxnA+URMg3t8a/bQ==}
    dev: true

  /default-browser-id@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OZ1y3y0SqSICtE8DE4S8YOE9UZOJ8wO16fKWVP5J1Qz42kV9jcnMVFrEE/noXb/ss3Q4pZIH79kxofzyNNtUNA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      bplist-parser: 0.2.0
      untildify: 4.0.0
    dev: true

  /default-browser@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wX5pXO1+BrhMkSbROFsyxUm0i/cJEScyNhA4PPxc41ICuv05ZZB/MX28s8aZx6xjmatvebIapF6hLEKEcpneUA==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.16'}
    dependencies:
      bundle-name: 3.0.0
      default-browser-id: 3.0.0
      execa: 7.2.0
      titleize: 3.0.0
    dev: true

  /defer-to-connect@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4tvttepXG1VaYGrRibk5EwJd1t4udunSOVMdLSAL6mId1ix438oPwPZMALY41FCijukO1L0twNcGsdzS7dHgDg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /deferred-leveldown@1.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uukrWD2bguRtXilKt6cAWKyoXrTSMo5m7crUdLfWQmu8kIm88w3QZoUL+6nhpfKVmhHANER6Re3sKoNoZ3IKMA==}
    dependencies:
      abstract-leveldown: 2.6.3
    dev: false

  /define-data-property@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-E7uGkTzkk1d0ByLeSc6ZsFS79Axg+m1P/VsgYsxHgiuc3tFSj+MjMIwe90FC4lOAZzNBdY7kkO2P2wKdsQ1vgQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      gopd: 1.0.1
      has-property-descriptors: 1.0.1
    dev: true

  /define-lazy-prop@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-N+MeXYoqr3pOgn8xfyRPREN7gHakLYjhsHhWGT3fWAiL4IkAt0iDw14QiiEm2bE30c5XX5q0FtAA3CK5f9/BUg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: true

  /define-properties@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8QmQKqEASLd5nx0U1B1okLElbUuuttJ/AnYmRXbbbGDWh6uS208EjD4Xqq/I9wK7u0v6O08XhTWnt5XtEbR6Dg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      define-data-property: 1.1.1
      has-property-descriptors: 1.0.1
      object-keys: 1.1.1
    dev: true

  /delay@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ReEBKkIfe4ya47wlPYf/gu5ib6yUG0/Aez0JQZQz94kiWtRQvZIQbTiehsnwHvLSWJnQdhVeqYue7Id1dKr0qw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /delayed-stream@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZySD7Nf91aLB0RxL4KGrKHBXl7Eds1DAmEdcoVawXnLD7SDhpNgtuII2aAkg7a7QS41jxPSZ17p4VdGnMHk3MQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.4.0'}

  /depd@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-g7nH6P6dyDioJogAAGprGpCtVImJhpPk/roCzdb3fIh61/s/nPsfR6onyMwkCAR/OlC3yBC0lESvUoQEAssIrw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dev: false

  /deprecation@2.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xmHIy4F3scKVwMsQ4WnVaS8bHOx0DmVwRywosKhaILI0ywMDWPtBSku2HNxRvF7jtwDRsoEwYQSfbxj8b7RlJQ==}
    dev: true

  /dequal@2.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0je+qPKHEMohvfRTCEo3CrPG6cAzAYgmzKyxRiYSSDkS6eGJdyVJm7WaYA5ECaAD9wLB2T4EEeymA5aFVcYXCA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: true

  /destroy@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2sJGJTaXIIaR1w4iJSNoN0hnMY7Gpc/n8D4qSCJw8QqFWXf7cuAgnEHxBpweaVcPevC2l3KpjYCx3NypQQgaJg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8', npm: 1.2.8000 || >= 1.4.16}
    dev: false

  /detect-browser@5.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-53rsFbGdwMwlF7qvCt0ypLM5V5/Mbl0szB7GPN8y9NCcbknYOeVVXdrXEq+90IwAfrrzt6Hd+u2E2ntakICU8w==}
    dev: false

  /didyoumean@1.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gxtyfqMg7GKyhQmb056K7M3xszy/myH8w+B4RT+QXBQsvAOdc3XymqDDPHx1BgPgsdAA5SIifona89YtRATDzw==}
    dev: false

  /diff@4.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-58lmxKSA4BNyLz+HHMUzlOEpg09FV+ev6ZMe3vJihgdxzgcwZ8VoEEPmALCZG9LmqfVoNMMKpttIYTVG6uDY7A==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.3.1'}

  /dijkstrajs@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QV6PMaHTCNmKSeP6QoXhVTw9snc9VD8MulTT0Bd99Pacp4SS1cjcrYPgBPmibqKVtMJJfqC6XvOXgPMEEPH/fg==}
    dev: false

  /dir-glob@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WkrWp9GR4KXfKGYzOLmTuGVi1UWFfws377n9cc55/tb6DuqyF6pcQ5AbiHEshaDpY9v6oaSr2XCDidGmMwdzIA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      path-type: 4.0.0
    dev: true

  /dlv@1.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+HlytyjlPKnIG8XuRG8WvmBP8xs8P71y+SKKS6ZXWoEgLuePxtDoUEiH7WkdePWrQ5JBpE6aoVqfZfJUQkjXwA==}
    dev: false

  /doctrine@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-35mSku4ZXK0vfCuHEDAwt55dg2jNajHZ1odvF+8SSr82EsZY4QmXfuWso8oEd8zRhVObSN18aM0CjSdoBX7zIw==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      esutils: 2.0.3
    dev: true

  /doctrine@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yS+Q5i3hBf7GBkd4KG8a7eBNNWNGLTaEwwYWUijIYM7zrlYDM0BFXHjjPWlWZ1Rg7UaddZeIDmi9jF3HmqiQ2w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      esutils: 2.0.3
    dev: true

  /dom-walk@0.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6QvTW9mrGeIegrFXdtQi9pk7O/nSK6lSdXW2eqUspN5LWD7UTji2Fqw5V2YLjBpHEoU9Xl/eUWNpDeZvoyOv2w==}
    dev: false

  /dotenv@16.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-IPzF4w4/Rd94bA9imS68tZBaYyBWSCE47V1RGuMrB94iyTOIEwRmVL2x/4An+6mETpLrKJ5hQkB8W4kFAadeIQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: false

  /duplexify@4.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fz3OjcNCHmRP12MJoZMPglx8m4rrFP8rovnk4vT8Fs+aonZoCwGg10dSsQsfP/E62eZcPTMSMP6686fu9Qlqtw==}
    dependencies:
      end-of-stream: 1.4.4
      inherits: 2.0.4
      readable-stream: 3.6.0
      stream-shift: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /ecc-jsbn@0.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eh9O+hwRHNbG4BLTjEl3nw044CkGm5X6LoaCf7LPp7UU8Qrt47JYNi6nPX8xjW97TKGKm1ouctg0QSpZe9qrnw==}
    dependencies:
      jsbn: 0.1.1
      safer-buffer: 2.1.2
    dev: false

  /ee-first@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WMwm9LhRUo+WUaRN+vRuETqG89IgZphVSNkdFgeb6sS/E4OrDIN7t48CAewSHXc6C8lefD8KKfr5vY61brQlow==}
    dev: false

  /electron-to-chromium@1.4.568:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3TCOv8+BY6Ltpt1/CmGBMups2IdKOyfEmz4J8yIS4xLSeMm0Rf+psSaxLuswG9qMKt+XbNbmADybtXGpTFlbDg==}

  /elliptic@6.5.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iLhC6ULemrljPZb+QutR5TQGB+pdW6KGD5RSegS+8sorOZT+rdQFbsQFJgvN3eRqNALqJer4oQ16YvJHlU8hzQ==}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      brorand: 1.1.0
      hash.js: 1.1.7
      hmac-drbg: 1.0.1
      inherits: 2.0.4
      minimalistic-assert: 1.0.1
      minimalistic-crypto-utils: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /emoji-regex@8.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MSjYzcWNOA0ewAHpz0MxpYFvwg6yjy1NG3xteoqz644VCo/RPgnr1/GGt+ic3iJTzQ8Eu3TdM14SawnVUmGE6A==}

  /emoji-regex@9.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-L18DaJsXSUk2+42pv8mLs5jJT2hqFkFE4j21wOmgbUqsZ2hL72NsUU785g9RXgo3s0ZNgVl42TiHp3ZtOv/Vyg==}
    dev: true

  /encode-utf8@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ucAnuBEhUK4boH2HjVYG5Q2mQyPorvv0u/ocS+zhdw0S8AlHYY+GOFhP1Gio5z4icpP2ivFSvhtFjQi8+T9ppw==}
    dev: false

  /encodeurl@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TPJXq8JqFaVYm2CWmPvnP2Iyo4ZSM7/QKcSmuMLDObfpH5fi7RUGmd/rTDf+rut/saiDiQEeVTNgAmJEdAOx0w==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dev: false

  /end-of-stream@1.4.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+uw1inIHVPQoaVuHzRyXd21icM+cnt4CzD5rW+NC1wjOUSTOs+Te7FOv7AhN7vS9x/oIyhLP5PR1H+phQAHu5Q==}
    dependencies:
      once: 1.4.0
    dev: false

  /enhanced-resolve@5.15.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LXYT42KJ7lpIKECr2mAXIaMldcNCh/7E0KBKOu4KSfkHmP+mZmSs+8V5gBAqisWBy0OO4W5Oyys0GO1Y8KtdKg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.13.0'}
    dependencies:
      graceful-fs: 4.2.11
      tapable: 2.2.1
    dev: true

  /errno@0.1.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dJ6oBr5SQ1VSd9qkk7ByRgb/1SH4JZjCHSW/mr63/QcXO9zLVxvJ6Oy13nio03rxpSnVDDjFor75SjVeZWPW/A==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      prr: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /error-ex@1.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7dFHNmqeFSEt2ZBsCriorKnn3Z2pj+fd9kmI6QoWw4//DL+icEBfc0U7qJCisqrTsKTjw4fNFy2pW9OqStD84g==}
    dependencies:
      is-arrayish: 0.2.1
    dev: true

  /es-abstract@1.22.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eiiY8HQeYfYH2Con2berK+To6GrK2RxbPawDkGq4UiCQQfZHb6wX9qQqkbpPqaxQFcl8d9QzZqo0tGE0VcrdwA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      array-buffer-byte-length: 1.0.0
      arraybuffer.prototype.slice: 1.0.2
      available-typed-arrays: 1.0.5
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      es-set-tostringtag: 2.0.2
      es-to-primitive: 1.2.1
      function.prototype.name: 1.1.6
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      get-symbol-description: 1.0.0
      globalthis: 1.0.3
      gopd: 1.0.1
      has-property-descriptors: 1.0.1
      has-proto: 1.0.1
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      hasown: 2.0.0
      internal-slot: 1.0.6
      is-array-buffer: 3.0.2
      is-callable: 1.2.7
      is-negative-zero: 2.0.2
      is-regex: 1.1.4
      is-shared-array-buffer: 1.0.2
      is-string: 1.0.7
      is-typed-array: 1.1.12
      is-weakref: 1.0.2
      object-inspect: 1.13.1
      object-keys: 1.1.1
      object.assign: 4.1.4
      regexp.prototype.flags: 1.5.1
      safe-array-concat: 1.0.1
      safe-regex-test: 1.0.0
      string.prototype.trim: 1.2.8
      string.prototype.trimend: 1.0.7
      string.prototype.trimstart: 1.0.7
      typed-array-buffer: 1.0.0
      typed-array-byte-length: 1.0.0
      typed-array-byte-offset: 1.0.0
      typed-array-length: 1.0.4
      unbox-primitive: 1.0.2
      which-typed-array: 1.1.13
    dev: true

  /es-iterator-helpers@1.0.15:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GhoY8uYqd6iwUl2kgjTm4CZAf6oo5mHK7BPqx3rKgx893YSsy0LGHV6gfqqQvZt/8xM8xeOnfXBCfqclMKkJ5g==}
    dependencies:
      asynciterator.prototype: 1.0.0
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      es-set-tostringtag: 2.0.2
      function-bind: 1.1.2
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      globalthis: 1.0.3
      has-property-descriptors: 1.0.1
      has-proto: 1.0.1
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      internal-slot: 1.0.6
      iterator.prototype: 1.1.2
      safe-array-concat: 1.0.1
    dev: true

  /es-set-tostringtag@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BuDyupZt65P9D2D2vA/zqcI3G5xRsklm5N3xCwuiy+/vKy8i0ifdsQP1sLgO4tZDSCaQUSnmC48khknGMV3D2Q==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
      hasown: 2.0.0
    dev: true

  /es-shim-unscopables@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-J3yBRXCzDu4ULnQwxyToo/OjdMx6akgVC7K6few0a7F/0wLtmKKN7I73AH5T2836UuXRqN7Qg+IIUw/+YJksRw==}
    dependencies:
      hasown: 2.0.0
    dev: true

  /es-to-primitive@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QCOllgZJtaUo9miYBcLChTUaHNjJF3PYs1VidD7AwiEj1kYxKeQTctLAezAOH5ZKRH0g2IgPn6KwB4IT8iRpvA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      is-callable: 1.2.7
      is-date-object: 1.0.5
      is-symbol: 1.0.4
    dev: true

  /es5-ext@0.10.62:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BHLqn0klhEpnOKSrzn/Xsz2UIW8j+cGmo9JLzr8BiUapV8hPL9+FliFqjwr9ngW7jWdnxv6eO+/LqyhJVqgrjA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      es6-iterator: 2.0.3
      es6-symbol: 3.1.3
      next-tick: 1.1.0
    dev: false

  /es6-iterator@2.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zw4SRzoUkd+cl+ZoE15A9o1oQd920Bb0iOJMQkQhl3jNc03YqVjAhG7scf9C5KWRU/R13Orf588uCC6525o02g==}
    dependencies:
      d: 1.0.1
      es5-ext: 0.10.62
      es6-symbol: 3.1.3
    dev: false

  /es6-promise@4.2.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HJDGx5daxeIvxdBxvG2cb9g4tEvwIk3i8+nhX0yGrYmZUzbkdg8QbDevheDB8gd0//uPj4c1EQua8Q+MViT0/w==}
    dev: false

  /es6-promisify@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-C+d6UdsYDk0lMebHNR4S2NybQMMngAOnOwYBQjTOiv0MkoJMP0Myw2mgpDLBcpfCmRLxyFqYhS/CfOENq4SJhQ==}
    dependencies:
      es6-promise: 4.2.8
    dev: false

  /es6-symbol@3.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NJ6Yn3FuDinBaBRWl/q5X/s4koRHBrgKAu+yGI6JCBeiu3qrcbJhwT2GeR/EXVfylRk8dpQVJoLEFhK+Mu31NA==}
    dependencies:
      d: 1.0.1
      ext: 1.7.0
    dev: false

  /esbuild@0.18.20:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ceqxoedUrcayh7Y7ZX6NdbbDzGROiyVBgC4PriJThBKSVPWnnFHZAkfI1lJT8QFkOwH4qOS2SJkS4wvpGl8BpA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    hasBin: true
    requiresBuild: true
    optionalDependencies:
      '@esbuild/android-arm': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/android-arm64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/android-x64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/darwin-arm64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/darwin-x64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/freebsd-arm64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/freebsd-x64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-arm': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-arm64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-ia32': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-loong64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-mips64el': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-ppc64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-riscv64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-s390x': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/linux-x64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/netbsd-x64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/openbsd-x64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/sunos-x64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/win32-arm64': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/win32-ia32': 0.18.20
      '@esbuild/win32-x64': 0.18.20
    dev: true

  /escalade@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-k0er2gUkLf8O0zKJiAhmkTnJlTvINGv7ygDNPbeIsX/TJjGJZHuh9B2UxbsaEkmlEo9MfhrSzmhIlhRlI2GXnw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}

  /escape-html@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NiSupZ4OeuGwr68lGIeym/ksIZMJodUGOSCZ/FSnTxcrekbvqrgdUxlJOMpijaKZVjAJrWrGs/6Jy8OMuyj9ow==}
    dev: false

  /escape-string-regexp@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vbRorB5FUQWvla16U8R/qgaFIya2qGzwDrNmCZuYKrbdSUMG6I1ZCGQRefkRVhuOkIGVne7BQ35DSfo1qvJqFg==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8.0'}

  /escape-string-regexp@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TtpcNJ3XAzx3Gq8sWRzJaVajRs0uVxA2YAkdb1jm2YkPz4G6egUFAyA3n5vtEIZefPk5Wa4UXbKuS5fKkJWdgA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: true

  /eslint-config-next@14.0.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jtXeE+/pGQ3h9n11QyyuPN50kO13GO5XvjU5ZRq6W+XTpOMjyobWmK2s7aowy0FtzA49krJzYzEU9s1RMwoJ6g==}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^7.23.0 || ^8.0.0
      typescript: '>=3.3.1'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@next/eslint-plugin-next': 14.0.0
      '@rushstack/eslint-patch': 1.5.1
      '@typescript-eslint/parser': 6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
      eslint: 8.52.0
      eslint-import-resolver-node: 0.3.9
      eslint-import-resolver-typescript: 3.6.1(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-node@0.3.9)(eslint-plugin-import@2.29.0)(eslint@8.52.0)
      eslint-plugin-import: 2.29.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-typescript@3.6.1)(eslint@8.52.0)
      eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y: 6.7.1(eslint@8.52.0)
      eslint-plugin-react: 7.33.2(eslint@8.52.0)
      eslint-plugin-react-hooks: 4.6.0(eslint@8.52.0)
      typescript: 5.2.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - eslint-import-resolver-webpack
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /eslint-config-prettier@9.0.0(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-IcJsTkJae2S35pRsRAwoCE+925rJJStOdkKnLVgtE+tEpqU0EVVM7OqrwxqgptKdX29NUwC82I5pXsGFIgSevw==}
    hasBin: true
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: '>=7.0.0'
    dependencies:
      eslint: 8.52.0
    dev: true

  /eslint-import-resolver-node@0.3.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WFj2isz22JahUv+B788TlO3N6zL3nNJGU8CcZbPZvVEkBPaJdCV4vy5wyghty5ROFbCRnm132v8BScu5/1BQ8g==}
    dependencies:
      debug: 3.2.7(supports-color@5.5.0)
      is-core-module: 2.13.1
      resolve: 1.22.8
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /eslint-import-resolver-typescript@3.6.1(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-node@0.3.9)(eslint-plugin-import@2.29.0)(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xgdptdoi5W3niYeuQxKmzVDTATvLYqhpwmykwsh7f6HIOStGWEIL9iqZgQDF9u9OEzrRwR8no5q2VT+bjAujTg==}
    engines: {node: ^14.18.0 || >=16.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: '*'
      eslint-plugin-import: '*'
    dependencies:
      debug: 4.3.4
      enhanced-resolve: 5.15.0
      eslint: 8.52.0
      eslint-module-utils: 2.8.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-node@0.3.9)(eslint-import-resolver-typescript@3.6.1)(eslint@8.52.0)
      eslint-plugin-import: 2.29.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-typescript@3.6.1)(eslint@8.52.0)
      fast-glob: 3.3.1
      get-tsconfig: 4.7.2
      is-core-module: 2.13.1
      is-glob: 4.0.3
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@typescript-eslint/parser'
      - eslint-import-resolver-node
      - eslint-import-resolver-webpack
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /eslint-module-utils@2.8.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-node@0.3.9)(eslint-import-resolver-typescript@3.6.1)(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-aWajIYfsqCKRDgUfjEXNN/JlrzauMuSEy5sbd7WXbtW3EH6A6MpwEh42c7qD+MqQo9QMJ6fWLAeIJynx0g6OAw==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/parser': '*'
      eslint: '*'
      eslint-import-resolver-node: '*'
      eslint-import-resolver-typescript: '*'
      eslint-import-resolver-webpack: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@typescript-eslint/parser':
        optional: true
      eslint:
        optional: true
      eslint-import-resolver-node:
        optional: true
      eslint-import-resolver-typescript:
        optional: true
      eslint-import-resolver-webpack:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/parser': 6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
      debug: 3.2.7(supports-color@5.5.0)
      eslint: 8.52.0
      eslint-import-resolver-node: 0.3.9
      eslint-import-resolver-typescript: 3.6.1(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-node@0.3.9)(eslint-plugin-import@2.29.0)(eslint@8.52.0)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /eslint-plugin-import@2.29.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-typescript@3.6.1)(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QPOO5NO6Odv5lpoTkddtutccQjysJuFxoPS7fAHO+9m9udNHvTCPSAMW9zGAYj8lAIdr40I8yPCdUYrncXtrwg==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/parser': '*'
      eslint: ^2 || ^3 || ^4 || ^5 || ^6 || ^7.2.0 || ^8
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@typescript-eslint/parser':
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@typescript-eslint/parser': 6.9.0(eslint@8.52.0)(typescript@5.2.2)
      array-includes: 3.1.7
      array.prototype.findlastindex: 1.2.3
      array.prototype.flat: 1.3.2
      array.prototype.flatmap: 1.3.2
      debug: 3.2.7(supports-color@5.5.0)
      doctrine: 2.1.0
      eslint: 8.52.0
      eslint-import-resolver-node: 0.3.9
      eslint-module-utils: 2.8.0(@typescript-eslint/parser@6.9.0)(eslint-import-resolver-node@0.3.9)(eslint-import-resolver-typescript@3.6.1)(eslint@8.52.0)
      hasown: 2.0.0
      is-core-module: 2.13.1
      is-glob: 4.0.3
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      object.fromentries: 2.0.7
      object.groupby: 1.0.1
      object.values: 1.1.7
      semver: 6.3.1
      tsconfig-paths: 3.14.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - eslint-import-resolver-typescript
      - eslint-import-resolver-webpack
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y@6.7.1(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-63Bog4iIethyo8smBklORknVjB0T2dwB8Mr/hIC+fBS0uyHdYYpzM/Ed+YC8VxTjlXHEWFOdmgwcDn1U2L9VCA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^3 || ^4 || ^5 || ^6 || ^7 || ^8
    dependencies:
      '@babel/runtime': 7.23.2
      aria-query: 5.3.0
      array-includes: 3.1.7
      array.prototype.flatmap: 1.3.2
      ast-types-flow: 0.0.7
      axe-core: 4.8.2
      axobject-query: 3.2.1
      damerau-levenshtein: 1.0.8
      emoji-regex: 9.2.2
      eslint: 8.52.0
      has: 1.0.3
      jsx-ast-utils: 3.3.5
      language-tags: 1.0.5
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      object.entries: 1.1.7
      object.fromentries: 2.0.7
      semver: 6.3.1
    dev: true

  /eslint-plugin-prettier@5.0.1(eslint-config-prettier@9.0.0)(eslint@8.52.0)(prettier@3.0.3):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-m3u5RnR56asrwV/lDC4GHorlW75DsFfmUcjfCYylTUs85dBRnB7VM6xG8eCMJdeDRnppzmxZVf1GEPJvl1JmNg==}
    engines: {node: ^14.18.0 || >=16.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      '@types/eslint': '>=8.0.0'
      eslint: '>=8.0.0'
      eslint-config-prettier: '*'
      prettier: '>=3.0.0'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@types/eslint':
        optional: true
      eslint-config-prettier:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      eslint: 8.52.0
      eslint-config-prettier: 9.0.0(eslint@8.52.0)
      prettier: 3.0.3
      prettier-linter-helpers: 1.0.0
      synckit: 0.8.5
    dev: true

  /eslint-plugin-react-hooks@4.6.0(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oFc7Itz9Qxh2x4gNHStv3BqJq54ExXmfC+a1NjAta66IAN87Wu0R/QArgIS9qKzX3dXKPI9H5crl9QchNMY9+g==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^3.0.0 || ^4.0.0 || ^5.0.0 || ^6.0.0 || ^7.0.0 || ^8.0.0-0
    dependencies:
      eslint: 8.52.0
    dev: true

  /eslint-plugin-react@7.33.2(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-73QQMKALArI8/7xGLNI/3LylrEYrlKZSb5C9+q3OtOewTnMQi5cT+aE9E41sLCmli3I9PGGmD1yiZydyo4FEPw==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: ^3 || ^4 || ^5 || ^6 || ^7 || ^8
    dependencies:
      array-includes: 3.1.7
      array.prototype.flatmap: 1.3.2
      array.prototype.tosorted: 1.1.2
      doctrine: 2.1.0
      es-iterator-helpers: 1.0.15
      eslint: 8.52.0
      estraverse: 5.3.0
      jsx-ast-utils: 3.3.5
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      object.entries: 1.1.7
      object.fromentries: 2.0.7
      object.hasown: 1.1.3
      object.values: 1.1.7
      prop-types: 15.8.1
      resolve: 2.0.0-next.5
      semver: 6.3.1
      string.prototype.matchall: 4.0.10
    dev: true

  /eslint-plugin-unicorn@48.0.1(eslint@8.52.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FW+4r20myG/DqFcCSzoumaddKBicIPeFnTrifon2mWIzlfyvzwyqZjqVP7m4Cqr/ZYisS2aiLghkUWaPg6vtCw==}
    engines: {node: '>=16'}
    peerDependencies:
      eslint: '>=8.44.0'
    dependencies:
      '@babel/helper-validator-identifier': 7.22.20
      '@eslint-community/eslint-utils': 4.4.0(eslint@8.52.0)
      ci-info: 3.9.0
      clean-regexp: 1.0.0
      eslint: 8.52.0
      esquery: 1.5.0
      indent-string: 4.0.0
      is-builtin-module: 3.2.1
      jsesc: 3.0.2
      lodash: 4.17.21
      pluralize: 8.0.0
      read-pkg-up: 7.0.1
      regexp-tree: 0.1.27
      regjsparser: 0.10.0
      semver: 7.5.4
      strip-indent: 3.0.0
    dev: true

  /eslint-scope@7.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dOt21O7lTMhDM+X9mB4GX+DZrZtCUJPL/wlcTqxyrx5IvO0IYtILdtrQGQp+8n5S0gwSVmOf9NQrjMOgfQZlIg==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dependencies:
      esrecurse: 4.3.0
      estraverse: 5.3.0
    dev: true

  /eslint-visitor-keys@3.4.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wpc+LXeiyiisxPlEkUzU6svyS1frIO3Mgxj1fdy7Pm8Ygzguax2N3Fa/D/ag1WqbOprdI+uY6wMUl8/a2G+iag==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dev: true

  /eslint@8.52.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zh/JHnaixqHZsolRB/w9/02akBk9EPrOs9JwcTP2ek7yL5bVvXuRariiaAjjoJ5DvuwQ1WAE/HsMz+w17YgBCg==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      '@eslint-community/eslint-utils': 4.4.0(eslint@8.52.0)
      '@eslint-community/regexpp': 4.10.0
      '@eslint/eslintrc': 2.1.2
      '@eslint/js': 8.52.0
      '@humanwhocodes/config-array': 0.11.13
      '@humanwhocodes/module-importer': 1.0.1
      '@nodelib/fs.walk': 1.2.8
      '@ungap/structured-clone': 1.2.0
      ajv: 6.12.6
      chalk: 4.1.2
      cross-spawn: 7.0.3
      debug: 4.3.4
      doctrine: 3.0.0
      escape-string-regexp: 4.0.0
      eslint-scope: 7.2.2
      eslint-visitor-keys: 3.4.3
      espree: 9.6.1
      esquery: 1.5.0
      esutils: 2.0.3
      fast-deep-equal: 3.1.3
      file-entry-cache: 6.0.1
      find-up: 5.0.0
      glob-parent: 6.0.2
      globals: 13.23.0
      graphemer: 1.4.0
      ignore: 5.2.4
      imurmurhash: 0.1.4
      is-glob: 4.0.3
      is-path-inside: 3.0.3
      js-yaml: 4.1.0
      json-stable-stringify-without-jsonify: 1.0.1
      levn: 0.4.1
      lodash.merge: 4.6.2
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      natural-compare: 1.4.0
      optionator: 0.9.3
      strip-ansi: 6.0.1
      text-table: 0.2.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /espree@9.6.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oruZaFkjorTpF32kDSI5/75ViwGeZginGGy2NoOSg3Q9bnwlnmDm4HLnkl0RE3n+njDXR037aY1+x58Z/zFdwQ==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dependencies:
      acorn: 8.11.2
      acorn-jsx: 5.3.2(acorn@8.11.2)
      eslint-visitor-keys: 3.4.3
    dev: true

  /esquery@1.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YQLXUplAwJgCydQ78IMJywZCceoqk1oH01OERdSAJc/7U2AylwjhSCLDEtqwg811idIS/9fIU5GjG73IgjKMVg==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10'}
    dependencies:
      estraverse: 5.3.0
    dev: true

  /esrecurse@4.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KmfKL3b6G+RXvP8N1vr3Tq1kL/oCFgn2NYXEtqP8/L3pKapUA4G8cFVaoF3SU323CD4XypR/ffioHmkti6/Tag==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0'}
    dependencies:
      estraverse: 5.3.0
    dev: true

  /estraverse@5.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MMdARuVEQziNTeJD8DgMqmhwR11BRQ/cBP+pLtYdSTnf3MIO8fFeiINEbX36ZdNlfU/7A9f3gUw49B3oQsvwBA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0'}
    dev: true

  /esutils@2.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kVscqXk4OCp68SZ0dkgEKVi6/8ij300KBWTJq32P/dYeWTSwK41WyTxalN1eRmA5Z9UU/LX9D7FWSmV9SAYx6g==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: true

  /etag@1.8.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-aIL5Fx7mawVa300al2BnEE4iNvo1qETxLrPI/o05L7z6go7fCw1J6EQmbK4FmJ2AS7kgVF/KEZWufBfdClMcPg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /eth-block-tracker@4.4.3(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-A8tG4Z4iNg4mw5tP1Vung9N9IjgMNqpiMoJ/FouSFwNCGHv2X0mmOYwtQOJzki6XN7r7Tyo01S29p7b224I4jw==}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/plugin-transform-runtime': 7.23.2(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      '@babel/runtime': 7.23.2
      eth-query: 2.1.2
      json-rpc-random-id: 1.0.1
      pify: 3.0.0
      safe-event-emitter: 1.0.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@babel/core'
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /eth-block-tracker@6.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-K9SY8+/xMBi4M5HHTDdxnpEqEEGjbNpzHFqvxyjMZej8InV/B+CkFRKM6W+uvrFJ7m8Zd1E0qUkseU3vdIDFYQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@metamask/safe-event-emitter': 2.0.0
      '@metamask/utils': 3.6.0
      json-rpc-random-id: 1.0.1
      pify: 3.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /eth-ens-namehash@2.0.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VWEI1+KJfz4Km//dadyvBBoBeSQ0MHTXPvr8UIXiLW6IanxvAV+DmlZAijZwAyggqGUfwQBeHf7tc9wzc1piSw==}
    dependencies:
      idna-uts46-hx: 2.3.1
      js-sha3: 0.5.7
    dev: false

  /eth-json-rpc-filters@4.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DGtqpLU7bBg63wPMWg1sCpkKCf57dJ+hj/k3zF26anXMzkmtSBDExL8IhUu7LUd34f0Zsce3PYNO2vV2GaTzaw==}
    dependencies:
      '@metamask/safe-event-emitter': 2.0.0
      async-mutex: 0.2.6
      eth-json-rpc-middleware: 6.0.0
      eth-query: 2.1.2
      json-rpc-engine: 6.1.0
      pify: 5.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /eth-json-rpc-filters@5.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fos+9xmoa1A2Ytsc9eYof17r81BjdJOUcGcgZn4K/tKdCCTb+a8ytEtwlu1op5qsXFDlgGmstTELFrDEc89qEQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@metamask/safe-event-emitter': 2.0.0
      async-mutex: 0.2.6
      eth-query: 2.1.2
      json-rpc-engine: 6.1.0
      pify: 5.0.0
    dev: false

  /eth-json-rpc-infura@5.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-THzLye3PHUSGn1EXMhg6WTLW9uim7LQZKeKaeYsS9+wOBcamRiCQVGHa6D2/4P0oS0vSaxsBnU/J6qvn0MPdow==}
    deprecated: Package no longer supported. Contact Support at https://www.npmjs.com/support for more info.
    dependencies:
      eth-json-rpc-middleware: 6.0.0
      eth-rpc-errors: 3.0.0
      json-rpc-engine: 5.4.0
      node-fetch: 2.7.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /eth-json-rpc-middleware@6.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qqBfLU2Uq1Ou15Wox1s+NX05S9OcAEL4JZ04VZox2NS0U+RtCMjSxzXhLFWekdShUPZ+P8ax3zCO2xcPrp6XJQ==}
    dependencies:
      btoa: 1.2.1
      clone: 2.1.2
      eth-query: 2.1.2
      eth-rpc-errors: 3.0.0
      eth-sig-util: 1.4.2
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
      json-rpc-engine: 5.4.0
      json-stable-stringify: 1.0.2
      node-fetch: 2.7.0
      pify: 3.0.0
      safe-event-emitter: 1.0.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /eth-lib@0.1.29:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bfttrr3/7gG4E02HoWTDUcDDslN003OlOoBxk9virpAZQ1ja/jDgwkWB8QfJF7ojuEowrqy+lzp9VcJG7/k5bQ==}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      elliptic: 6.5.4
      nano-json-stream-parser: 0.1.2
      servify: 0.1.12
      ws: 3.3.3
      xhr-request-promise: 0.1.3
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /eth-lib@0.2.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ArJ7x1WcWOlSpzdoTBX8vkwlkSQ85CjjifSZtV4co64vWxSV8geWfPI9x4SVYu3DSxnX4yWFVTtGL+j9DUFLNw==}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      elliptic: 6.5.4
      xhr-request-promise: 0.1.3
    dev: false

  /eth-query@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-srES0ZcvwkR/wd5OQBRA1bIJMww1skfGS0s8wlwK3/oNP4+wnds60krvu5R1QbpRQjMmpG5OMIWro5s7gvDPsA==}
    dependencies:
      json-rpc-random-id: 1.0.1
      xtend: 4.0.2
    dev: false

  /eth-rpc-errors@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iPPNHPrLwUlR9xCSYm7HHQjWBasor3+KZfRvwEWxMz3ca0yqnlBeJrnyphkGIXZ4J7AMAaOLmwy4AWhnxOiLxg==}
    dependencies:
      fast-safe-stringify: 2.1.1
    dev: false

  /eth-rpc-errors@4.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-n+Re6Gu8XGyfFy1it0AwbD1x0MUzspQs0D5UiPs1fFPCr6WAwZM+vbIhXheBFrpgosqN9bs5PqlB4Q61U/QytQ==}
    dependencies:
      fast-safe-stringify: 2.1.1
    dev: false

  /eth-sig-util@1.4.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iNZ576iTOGcfllftB73cPB5AN+XUQAT/T8xzsILsghXC1o8gJUqe3RHlcDqagu+biFpYQ61KQrZZJza8eRSYqw==}
    deprecated: Deprecated in favor of '@metamask/eth-sig-util'
    dependencies:
      ethereumjs-abi: github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-abi/ee3994657fa7a427238e6ba92a84d0b529bbcde0
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /ethereum-bloom-filters@1.0.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rxJ5OFN3RwjQxDcFP2Z5+Q9ho4eIdEmSc2ht0fCu8Se9nbXjZ7/031uXoUYJ87KHCOdVeiUuwSnoS7hmYAGVHA==}
    dependencies:
      js-sha3: 0.8.0
    dev: false

  /ethereum-common@0.0.18:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EoltVQTRNg2Uy4o84qpa2aXymXDJhxm7eos/ACOg0DG4baAbMjhbdAEsx9GeE8sC3XCxnYvrrzZDH8D8MtA2iQ==}
    dev: false

  /ethereum-common@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XOnAR/3rntJgbCdGhqdaLIxDLWKLmsZOGhHdBKadEr6gEnJLH52k93Ou+TUdFaPN3hJc3isBZBal3U/XZ15abA==}
    dev: false

  /ethereum-cryptography@0.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-w8/4x1SGGzc+tO97TASLja6SLd3fRIK2tLVcV2Gx4IB21hE19atll5Cq9o3d0ZmAYC/8aw0ipieTSiekAea4SQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/pbkdf2': 3.1.1
      '@types/secp256k1': 4.0.5
      blakejs: 1.2.1
      browserify-aes: 1.2.0
      bs58check: 2.1.2
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      create-hmac: 1.1.7
      hash.js: 1.1.7
      keccak: 3.0.2
      pbkdf2: 3.1.2
      randombytes: 2.1.0
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
      scrypt-js: 3.0.1
      secp256k1: 4.0.3
      setimmediate: 1.0.5
    dev: false

  /ethereum-cryptography@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XDSJlg4BD+hq9N2FjvotwUET9Tfxpxc3kWGE2AqUG5vcbeunnbImVk3cj6e/xT3phdW21mE8R5IugU4fspQDcQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@noble/hashes': 1.1.2
      '@noble/secp256k1': 1.6.3
      '@scure/bip32': 1.1.0
      '@scure/bip39': 1.1.0
    dev: false

  /ethereum-protocol@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3KLX1mHuEsBW0dKG+c6EOJS1NBNqdCICvZW9sInmZTt5aY0oxmHVggYRE0lJu1tcnMD1K+AKHdLi6U43Awm1Vg==}
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-abi@0.6.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Tx0r/iXI6r+lRsdvkFDlut0N08jWMnKRZ6Gkq+Nmw75lZe4e6o3EkSnkaBP5NF6+m5PTGAr9JP43N3LyeoglsA==}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      ethereumjs-util: 6.2.1
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-account@2.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bgDojnXGjhMwo6eXQC0bY6UK2liSFUSMwwylOmQvZbSl/D7NXQ3+vrGO46ZeOgjGfxXmgIeVNDIiHw7fNZM4VA==}
    dependencies:
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
      rlp: 2.2.7
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-block@1.7.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-B+sSdtqm78fmKkBq78/QLKJbu/4Ts4P2KFISdgcuZUPDm9x+N7qgBPIIFUGbaakQh8bzuquiRVbdmvPKqbILRg==}
    deprecated: 'New package name format for new versions: @ethereumjs/block. Please update.'
    dependencies:
      async: 2.6.4
      ethereum-common: 0.2.0
      ethereumjs-tx: 1.3.7
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
      merkle-patricia-tree: 2.3.2
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-block@2.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2p49ifhek3h2zeg/+da6XpdFR3GlqY3BIEiqxGF8j9aSRIgkb7M1Ky+yULBKJOu8PAZxfhsYA+HxUk2aCQp3vg==}
    deprecated: 'New package name format for new versions: @ethereumjs/block. Please update.'
    dependencies:
      async: 2.6.4
      ethereumjs-common: 1.5.2
      ethereumjs-tx: 2.1.2
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
      merkle-patricia-tree: 2.3.2
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-common@1.5.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hTfZjwGX52GS2jcVO6E2sx4YuFnf0Fhp5ylo4pEPhEffNln7vS59Hr5sLnp3/QCazFLluuBZ+FZ6J5HTp0EqCA==}
    deprecated: 'New package name format for new versions: @ethereumjs/common. Please update.'
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-tx@1.3.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wvLMxzt1RPhAQ9Yi3/HKZTn0FZYpnsmQdbKYfUUpi4j1SEIcbkd9tndVjcPrufY3V7j2IebOpC00Zp2P/Ay2kA==}
    deprecated: 'New package name format for new versions: @ethereumjs/tx. Please update.'
    dependencies:
      ethereum-common: 0.0.18
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-tx@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zZEK1onCeiORb0wyCXUvg94Ve5It/K6GD1K+26KfFKodiBiS6d9lfCXlUKGBBdQ+bv7Day+JK0tj1K+BeNFRAw==}
    deprecated: 'New package name format for new versions: @ethereumjs/tx. Please update.'
    dependencies:
      ethereumjs-common: 1.5.2
      ethereumjs-util: 6.2.1
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-util@5.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-v3kT+7zdyCm1HIqWlLNrHGqHGLpGYIhjeHxQjnDXjLT2FyGJDsd3LWMYUo7pAFRrk86CR3nUJfhC81CCoJNNGQ==}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      elliptic: 6.5.4
      ethereum-cryptography: 0.1.3
      ethjs-util: 0.1.6
      rlp: 2.2.7
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-util@6.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-W2Ktez4L01Vexijrm5EB6w7dg4n/TgpoYU4avuT5T3Vmnw/eCRtiBrJfQYS/DCSvDIOLn2k57GcHdeBcgVxAqw==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/bn.js': 4.11.6
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      elliptic: 6.5.4
      ethereum-cryptography: 0.1.3
      ethjs-util: 0.1.6
      rlp: 2.2.7
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-util@7.1.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-SDl5kKrQAudFBUe5OJM9Ac6WmMyYmXX/6sTmLZ3ffG2eY6ZIGBes3pEDxNN6V72WyOw4CPD5RomKdsa8DAAwLg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@types/bn.js': 5.1.3
      bn.js: 5.2.1
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      ethereum-cryptography: 0.1.3
      rlp: 2.2.7
    dev: false

  /ethereumjs-vm@2.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-r/XIUik/ynGbxS3y+mvGnbOKnuLo40V5Mj1J25+HEO63aWYREIqvWeRO/hnROlMBE5WoniQmPmhiaN0ctiHaXw==}
    deprecated: 'New package name format for new versions: @ethereumjs/vm. Please update.'
    dependencies:
      async: 2.6.4
      async-eventemitter: 0.2.4
      ethereumjs-account: 2.0.5
      ethereumjs-block: 2.2.2
      ethereumjs-common: 1.5.2
      ethereumjs-util: 6.2.1
      fake-merkle-patricia-tree: 1.0.1
      functional-red-black-tree: 1.0.1
      merkle-patricia-tree: 2.3.2
      rustbn.js: 0.2.0
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /ethers@6.8.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zrFbmQRlraM+cU5mE4CZTLBurZTs2gdp2ld0nG/f3ecBK+x6lZ69KSxBqZ4NjclxwfTxl5LeNufcBbMsTdY53Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@adraffy/ens-normalize': 1.10.0
      '@noble/curves': 1.2.0
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      '@types/node': 18.15.13
      aes-js: 4.0.0-beta.5
      tslib: 2.4.0
      ws: 8.5.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /ethjs-unit@0.1.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/Sn9Y0oKl0uqQuvgFk/zQgR7aw1g36qX/jzSQ5lSwlO0GigPymk4eGQfeNTD03w1dPOqfz8V77Cy43jH56pagw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.5.0', npm: '>=3'}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.11.6
      number-to-bn: 1.7.0
    dev: false

  /ethjs-util@0.1.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CUnVOQq7gSpDHZVVrQW8ExxUETWrnrvXYvYz55wOU8Uj4VCgw56XC2B/fVqQN+f7gmrnRHSLVnFAwsCuNwji8w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.5.0', npm: '>=3'}
    dependencies:
      is-hex-prefixed: 1.0.0
      strip-hex-prefix: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /event-target-shim@5.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-i/2XbnSz/uxRCU6+NdVJgKWDTM427+MqYbkQzD321DuCQJUqOuJKIA0IM2+W2xtYHdKOmZ4dR6fExsd4SXL+WQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: false

  /eventemitter3@4.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rlaVLnVxtxvoyLsQQFBx53YmXHDxRIzzTLbdfxqi4yocpSjAxXwkU0cScM5JgSKMqEhrZpnvQ2D9gjylR0AimQ==}
    dev: false

  /eventemitter3@4.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8guHBZCwKnFhYdHr2ysuRWErTwhoN2X8XELRlrRwpmfeY2jjuUN4taQMsULKUVo1K4DvZl+0pgfyoysHxvmvEw==}
    dev: false

  /events@3.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mQw+2fkQbALzQ7V0MY0IqdnXNOeTtP4r0lN9z7AAawCXgqea7bDii20AYrIBrFd/Hx0M2Ocz6S111CaFkUcb0Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8.x'}
    dev: false

  /evp_bytestokey@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/f2Go4TognH/KvCISP7OUsHn85hT9nUkxxA9BEWxFn+Oj9o8ZNLm/40hdlgSLyuOimsrTKLUMEorQexp/aPQeA==}
    dependencies:
      md5.js: 1.3.5
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /execa@5.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8uSpZZocAZRBAPIEINJj3Lo9HyGitllczc27Eh5YYojjMFMn8yHMDMaUHE2Jqfq05D/wucwI4JGURyXt1vchyg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      cross-spawn: 7.0.3
      get-stream: 6.0.1
      human-signals: 2.1.0
      is-stream: 2.0.1
      merge-stream: 2.0.0
      npm-run-path: 4.0.1
      onetime: 5.1.2
      signal-exit: 3.0.7
      strip-final-newline: 2.0.0
    dev: true

  /execa@7.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UduyVP7TLB5IcAQl+OzLyLcS/l32W/GLg+AhHJ+ow40FOk2U3SAllPwR44v4vmdFwIWqpdwxxpQbF1n5ta9seA==}
    engines: {node: ^14.18.0 || ^16.14.0 || >=18.0.0}
    dependencies:
      cross-spawn: 7.0.3
      get-stream: 6.0.1
      human-signals: 4.3.1
      is-stream: 3.0.0
      merge-stream: 2.0.0
      npm-run-path: 5.1.0
      onetime: 6.0.0
      signal-exit: 3.0.7
      strip-final-newline: 3.0.0
    dev: true

  /express@4.18.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5/PsL6iGPdfQ/lKM1UuielYgv3BUoJfz1aUwU9vHZ+J7gyvwdQXFEBIEIaxeGf0GIcreATNyBExtalisDbuMqQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      accepts: 1.3.8
      array-flatten: 1.1.1
      body-parser: 1.20.1
      content-disposition: 0.5.4
      content-type: 1.0.5
      cookie: 0.5.0
      cookie-signature: 1.0.6
      debug: 2.6.9
      depd: 2.0.0
      encodeurl: 1.0.2
      escape-html: 1.0.3
      etag: 1.8.1
      finalhandler: 1.2.0
      fresh: 0.5.2
      http-errors: 2.0.0
      merge-descriptors: 1.0.1
      methods: 1.1.2
      on-finished: 2.4.1
      parseurl: 1.3.3
      path-to-regexp: 0.1.7
      proxy-addr: 2.0.7
      qs: 6.11.0
      range-parser: 1.2.1
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
      send: 0.18.0
      serve-static: 1.15.0
      setprototypeof: 1.2.0
      statuses: 2.0.1
      type-is: 1.6.18
      utils-merge: 1.0.1
      vary: 1.1.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /ext@1.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6hxeJYaL110a9b5TEJSj0gojyHQAmA2ch5Os+ySCiA1QGdS697XWY1pzsrSjqA9LDEEgdB/KypIlR59RcLuHYw==}
    dependencies:
      type: 2.7.2
    dev: false

  /extend@3.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fjquC59cD7CyW6urNXK0FBufkZcoiGG80wTuPujX590cB5Ttln20E2UB4S/WARVqhXffZl2LNgS+gQdPIIim/g==}
    dev: false

  /extsprintf@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-11Ndz7Nv+mvAC1j0ktTa7fAb0vLyGGX+rMHNBYQviQDGU0Hw7lhctJANqbPhu9nV9/izT/IntTgZ7Im/9LJs9g==}
    engines: {'0': node >=0.6.0}
    dev: false

  /eyes@0.1.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GipyPsXO1anza0AOZdy69Im7hGFCNB7Y/NGjDlZGJ3GJJLtwNSb2vrzYrTYJRrRloVx7pl+bhUaTB8yiccPvFQ==}
    engines: {node: '> 0.1.90'}
    dev: false

  /fake-merkle-patricia-tree@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Tgq37lkc9pUIgIKw5uitNUKcgcYL3R6JvXtKQbOf/ZSavXbidsksgp/pAY6p//uhw0I4yoMsvTSovvVIsk/qxA==}
    dependencies:
      checkpoint-store: 1.1.0
    dev: false

  /fast-content-type-parse@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fBHHqSTFLVnR61C+gltJuE5GkVQMV0S2nqUO8TJ+5Z3qAKG8vAx4FKai1s5jq/inV1+sREynIWSuQ6HgoSXpDQ==}
    dev: false

  /fast-decode-uri-component@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WKgKWg5eUxvRZGwW8FvfbaH7AXSh2cL+3j5fMGzUMCxWBJ3dV3a7Wz8y2f/uQ0e3B6WmodD3oS54jTQ9HVTIIg==}
    dev: false

  /fast-deep-equal@3.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-f3qQ9oQy9j2AhBe/H9VC91wLmKBCCU/gDOnKNAYG5hswO7BLKj09Hc5HYNz9cGI++xlpDCIgDaitVs03ATR84Q==}

  /fast-diff@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VxPP4NqbUjj6MaAOafWeUn2cXWLcCtljklUtZf0Ind4XQ+QPtmA0b18zZy0jIQx+ExRVCR/ZQpBmik5lXshNsw==}
    dev: true

  /fast-glob@3.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kNFPyjhh5cKjrUltxs+wFx+ZkbRaxxmZ+X0ZU31SOsxCEtP9VPgtq2teZw1DebupL5GmDaNQ6yKMMVcM41iqDg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.6.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@nodelib/fs.stat': 2.0.5
      '@nodelib/fs.walk': 1.2.8
      glob-parent: 5.1.2
      merge2: 1.4.1
      micromatch: 4.0.5

  /fast-json-stable-stringify@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lhd/wF+Lk98HZoTCtlVraHtfh5XYijIjalXck7saUtuanSDyLMxnHhSXEDJqHxD7msR8D0uCmqlkwjCV8xvwHw==}

  /fast-json-stringify@5.8.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VVwK8CFMSALIvt14U8AvrSzQAwN/0vaVRiFFUVlpnXSnDGrSkOAO5MtzyN8oQNjLd5AqTW5OZRgyjoNuAuR3jQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@fastify/deepmerge': 1.3.0
      ajv: 8.12.0
      ajv-formats: 2.1.1(ajv@8.12.0)
      fast-deep-equal: 3.1.3
      fast-uri: 2.2.0
      rfdc: 1.3.0
    dev: false

  /fast-levenshtein@2.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DCXu6Ifhqcks7TZKY3Hxp3y6qphY5SJZmrWMDrKcERSOXWQdMhU9Ig/PYrzyw/ul9jOIyh0N4M0tbC5hodg8dw==}
    dev: true

  /fast-querystring@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-g6KuKWmFXc0fID8WWH0jit4g0AGBoJhCkJMb1RmbsSEUNvQ+ZC8D6CUZ+GtF8nMzSPXnhiePyyqqipzNNEnHjg==}
    dependencies:
      fast-decode-uri-component: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /fast-redact@3.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6T5V1QK1u4oF+ATxs1lWUmlEk6P2T9HqJG3e2DnHOdVgZy2rFJBoEnrIedcTXlkAHU/zKC+7KETJ+KGGKwxgMQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: false

  /fast-safe-stringify@2.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-W+KJc2dmILlPplD/H4K9l9LcAHAfPtP6BY84uVLXQ6Evcz9Lcg33Y2z1IVblT6xdY54PXYVHEv+0Wpq8Io6zkA==}
    dev: false

  /fast-stable-stringify@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wpYMUmFu5f00Sm0cj2pfivpmawLZ0NKdviQ4w9zJeR8JVtOpOxHmLaJuj0vxvGqMJQWyP/COUkF75/57OKyRag==}
    dev: false

  /fast-uri@2.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cIusKBIt/R/oI6z/1nyfe2FvGKVTohVRfvkOhvx0nCEW+xf5NoCXjAHcWp93uOUBchzYcsvPlrapAdX1uW+YGg==}
    dev: false

  /fastify-plugin@4.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-stRHYGeuqpEZTL1Ef0Ovr2ltazUT9g844X5z/zEBFLG8RYlpDiOCIG+ATvYEp+/zmc7sN29mcIMp8gvYplYPIQ==}
    dev: false

  /fastify@4.24.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6HHJ+R2x2LS3y1PqxnwEIjOTZxFl+8h4kSC/TuDPXtA+v2JnV9yEtOsNSKK1RMD7sIR2y1ZsA4BEFaid/cK5pg==}
    dependencies:
      '@fastify/ajv-compiler': 3.5.0
      '@fastify/error': 3.4.0
      '@fastify/fast-json-stringify-compiler': 4.3.0
      abstract-logging: 2.0.1
      avvio: 8.2.1
      fast-content-type-parse: 1.1.0
      fast-json-stringify: 5.8.0
      find-my-way: 7.7.0
      light-my-request: 5.11.0
      pino: 8.16.1
      process-warning: 2.2.0
      proxy-addr: 2.0.7
      rfdc: 1.3.0
      secure-json-parse: 2.7.0
      semver: 7.5.4
      toad-cache: 3.3.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /fastq@1.15.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wBrocU2LCXXa+lWBt8RoIRD89Fi8OdABODa/kEnyeyjS5aZO5/GNvI5sEINADqP/h8M29UHTHUb53sUu5Ihqdw==}
    dependencies:
      reusify: 1.0.4

  /fbemitter@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KWKaceCwKQU0+HPoop6gn4eOHk50bBv/VxjJtGMfwmJt3D29JpN4H4eisCtIPA+a8GVBam+ldMMpMjJUvpDyHw==}
    dependencies:
      fbjs: 3.0.5
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /fbjs-css-vars@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-b2XGFAFdWZWg0phtAWLHCk836A1Xann+I+Dgd3Gk64MHKZO44FfoD1KxyvbSh0qZsIoXQGGlVztIY+oitJPpRQ==}
    dev: false

  /fbjs@3.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ztsSx77JBtkuMrEypfhgc3cI0+0h+svqeie7xHbh1k/IKdcydnvadp/mUaGgjAOXQmQSxsqgaRhS3q9fy+1kxg==}
    dependencies:
      cross-fetch: 3.1.5
      fbjs-css-vars: 1.0.2
      loose-envify: 1.4.0
      object-assign: 4.1.1
      promise: 7.3.1
      setimmediate: 1.0.5
      ua-parser-js: 1.0.37
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /file-entry-cache@6.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7Gps/XWymbLk2QLYK4NzpMOrYjMhdIxXuIvy2QBsLE6ljuodKvdkWs/cpyJJ3CVIVpH0Oi1Hvg1ovbMzLdFBBg==}
    engines: {node: ^10.12.0 || >=12.0.0}
    dependencies:
      flat-cache: 3.1.1
    dev: true

  /file-uri-to-path@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0Zt+s3L7Vf1biwWZ29aARiVYLx7iMGnEUl9x33fbB/j3jR81u/O2LbqK+Bm1CDSNDKVtJ/YjwY7TUd5SkeLQLw==}
    dev: false

  /fill-range@7.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qOo9F+dMUmC2Lcb4BbVvnKJxTPjCm+RRpe4gDuGrzkL7mEVl/djYSu2OdQ2Pa302N4oqkSg9ir6jaLWJ2USVpQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      to-regex-range: 5.0.1

  /filter-obj@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8rXg1ZnX7xzy2NGDVkBVaAy+lSlPNwad13BtgSlLuxfIslyt5Vg64U7tFcCt4WS1R0hvtnQybT/IyCkGZ3DpXQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /finalhandler@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5uXcUVftlQMFnWC9qu/svkWv3GTd2PfUhK/3PLkYNAe7FbqJMt3515HaxE6eRL74GdsriiwujiawdaB1BpEISg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dependencies:
      debug: 2.6.9
      encodeurl: 1.0.2
      escape-html: 1.0.3
      on-finished: 2.4.1
      parseurl: 1.3.3
      statuses: 2.0.1
      unpipe: 1.0.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /find-my-way@7.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+SrHpvQ52Q6W9f3wJoJBbAQULJuNEEQwBvlvYwACDhBTLOTMiQ0HYWh4+vC3OivGP2ENcTI1oKlFA2OepJNjhQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=14'}
    dependencies:
      fast-deep-equal: 3.1.3
      fast-querystring: 1.1.2
      safe-regex2: 2.0.0
    dev: false

  /find-replace@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6Tb2myMioCAgv5kfvP5/PkZZ/ntTpVK39fHY7WkWBgvbeE+VHd/tZuZ4mrC+bxh4cfOZeYKVPaJIZtZXV7GNCQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      array-back: 3.1.0

  /find-up@4.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PpOwAdQ/YlXQ2vj8a3h8IipDuYRi3wceVQQGYWxNINccq40Anw7BlsEXCMbt1Zt+OLA6Fq9suIpIWD0OsnISlw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      locate-path: 5.0.0
      path-exists: 4.0.0

  /find-up@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-78/PXT1wlLLDgTzDs7sjq9hzz0vXD+zn+7wypEe4fXQxCmdmqfGsEPQxmiCSQI3ajFV91bVSsvNtrJRiW6nGng==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      locate-path: 6.0.0
      path-exists: 4.0.0
    dev: true

  /flat-cache@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/qM2b3LUIaIgviBQovTLvijfyOQXPtSRnRK26ksj2J7rzPIecePUIpJsZ4T02Qg+xiAEKIs5K8dsHEd+VaKa/Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      flatted: 3.2.9
      keyv: 4.5.4
      rimraf: 3.0.2
    dev: true

  /flatted@3.2.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-36yxDn5H7OFZQla0/jFJmbIKTdZAQHngCedGxiMmpNfEZM0sdEeT+WczLQrjK6D7o2aiyLYDnkw0R3JK0Qv1RQ==}
    dev: true

  /flux@4.0.4(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NCj3XlayA2UsapRpM7va6wU1+9rE5FIL7qoMcmxWHRzbp0yujihMBm9BBHZ1MDIk5h5o2Bl6eGiCe8rYELAmYw==}
    peerDependencies:
      react: ^15.0.2 || ^16.0.0 || ^17.0.0
    dependencies:
      fbemitter: 3.0.0
      fbjs: 3.0.5
      react: 18.2.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /follow-redirects@1.15.3(debug@4.3.4):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1VzOtuEM8pC9SFU1E+8KfTjZyMztRsgEfwQl44z8A25uy13jSzTj6dyK2Df52iV0vgHCfBwLhDWevLn95w5v6Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      debug: '*'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      debug:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      debug: 4.3.4
    dev: true

  /for-each@0.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jqYfLp7mo9vIyQf8ykW2v7A+2N4QjeCeI5+Dz9XraiO1ign81wjiH7Fb9vSOWvQfNtmSa4H2RoQTrrXivdUZmw==}
    dependencies:
      is-callable: 1.2.7

  /forever-agent@0.6.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-j0KLYPhm6zeac4lz3oJ3o65qvgQCcPubiyotZrXqEaG4hNagNYO8qdlUrX5vwqv9ohqeT/Z3j6+yW067yWWdUw==}
    dev: false

  /form-data-encoder@1.7.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EFRDrsMm/kyqbTQocNvRXMLjc7Es2Vk+IQFx/YW7hkUH1eBl4J1fqiP34l74Yt0pFLCNpc06fkbVk00008mzjg==}
    dev: false

  /form-data@2.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1lLKB2Mu3aGP1Q/2eCOx0fNbRMe7XdwktwOruhfqqd0rIJWwN4Dh+E3hrPSlDCXnSR7UtZ1N38rVXm+6+MEhJQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.12'}
    dependencies:
      asynckit: 0.4.0
      combined-stream: 1.0.8
      mime-types: 2.1.35
    dev: false

  /form-data@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ETEklSGi5t0QMZuiXoA/Q6vcnxcLQP5vdugSpuAyi6SVGi2clPPp+xgEhuMaHC+zGgn31Kd235W35f7Hykkaww==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    dependencies:
      asynckit: 0.4.0
      combined-stream: 1.0.8
      mime-types: 2.1.35
    dev: true

  /forwarded@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-buRG0fpBtRHSTCOASe6hD258tEubFoRLb4ZNA6NxMVHNw2gOcwHo9wyablzMzOA5z9xA9L1KNjk/Nt6MT9aYow==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /fraction.js@4.3.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZsDfxO51wGAXREY55a7la9LScWpwv9RxIrYABrlvOFBlH/ShPnrtsXeuUIfXKKOVicNxQ+o8JTbJvjS4M89yew==}
    dev: false

  /fresh@0.5.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zJ2mQYM18rEFOudeV4GShTGIQ7RbzA7ozbU9I/XBpm7kqgMywgmylMwXHxZJmkVoYkna9d2pVXVXPdYTP9ej8Q==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /fs-extra@4.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-q6rbdDd1o2mAnQreO7YADIxf/Whx4AHBiRf6d+/cVT8h44ss+lHgxf1FemcqDnQt9X3ct4McHr+JMGlYSsK7Cg==}
    dependencies:
      graceful-fs: 4.2.11
      jsonfile: 4.0.0
      universalify: 0.1.2
    dev: false

  /fs-extra@7.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YJDaCJZEnBmcbw13fvdAM9AwNOJwOzrE4pqMqBq5nFiEqXUqHwlK4B+3pUw6JNvfSPtX05xFHtYy/1ni01eGCw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6 <7 || >=8'}
    dependencies:
      graceful-fs: 4.2.11
      jsonfile: 4.0.0
      universalify: 0.1.2

  /fs-minipass@1.2.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GWSSJGFy4e9GUeCcbIkED+bgAoFyj7XF1mV8rma3QW4NIqX9Kyx79N/PF61H5udOV3aY1IaMLs6pGbH71nlCTA==}
    dependencies:
      minipass: 2.9.0
    dev: false

  /fs.realpath@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OO0pH2lK6a0hZnAdau5ItzHPI6pUlvI7jMVnxUQRtw4owF2wk8lOSabtGDCTP4Ggrg2MbGnWO9X8K1t4+fGMDw==}

  /fsevents@2.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xiqMQR4xAeHTuB9uWm+fFRcIOgKBMiOBP+eXiyT7jsgVCq1bkVygt00oASowB7EdtpOHaaPgKt812P9ab+DDKA==}
    engines: {node: ^8.16.0 || ^10.6.0 || >=11.0.0}
    os: [darwin]
    requiresBuild: true
    optional: true

  /function-bind@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yIovAzMX49sF8Yl58fSCWJ5svSLuaibPxXQJFLmBObTuCr0Mf1KiPopGM9NiFjiYBCbfaa2Fh6breQ6ANVTI0A==}

  /function-bind@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7XHNxH7qX9xG5mIwxkhumTox/MIRNcOgDrxWsMt2pAr23WHp6MrRlN7FBSFpCpr+oVO0F744iUgR82nJMfG2SA==}

  /function.prototype.name@1.1.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Z5kx79swU5P27WEayXM1tBi5Ze/lbIyiNgU3qyXUOf9b2rgXYyF9Dy9Cx+IQv/Lc8WCG6L82zwUPpSS9hGehIg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      functions-have-names: 1.2.3
    dev: true

  /functional-red-black-tree@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dsKNQNdj6xA3T+QlADDA7mOSlX0qiMINjn0cgr+eGHGsbSHzTabcIogz2+p/iqP1Xs6EP/sS2SbqH+brGTbq0g==}
    dev: false

  /functions-have-names@1.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xckBUXyTIqT97tq2x2AMb+g163b5JFysYk0x4qxNFwbfQkmNZoiRHb6sPzI9/QV33WeuvVYBUIiD4NzNIyqaRQ==}
    dev: true

  /gensync@1.0.0-beta.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3hN7NaskYvMDLQY55gnW3NQ+mesEAepTqlg+VEbj7zzqEMBVNhzcGYYeqFo/TlYz6eQiFcp1HcsCZO+nGgS8zg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.9.0'}

  /get-caller-file@2.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DyFP3BM/3YHTQOCUL/w0OZHR0lpKeGrxotcHWcqNEdnltqFwXVfhEBQ94eIo34AfQpo0rGki4cyIiftY06h2Fg==}
    engines: {node: 6.* || 8.* || >= 10.*}

  /get-intrinsic@1.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QJVz1Tj7MS099PevUG5jvnt9tSkXN8K14dxQlikJuPt4uD9hHAHjLyLBiLR5zELelBdD9QNRAXZzsJx0WaDL9A==}
    dependencies:
      function-bind: 1.1.1
      has: 1.0.3
      has-symbols: 1.0.3

  /get-intrinsic@1.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0gSo4ml/0j98Y3lngkFEot/zhiCeWsbYIlZ+uZOVgzLyLaUw7wxUL+nCTP0XJvJg1AXulJRI3UJi8GsbDuxdGA==}
    dependencies:
      function-bind: 1.1.2
      has-proto: 1.0.1
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      hasown: 2.0.0
    dev: true

  /get-stream@5.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nBF+F1rAZVCu/p7rjzgA+Yb4lfYXrpl7a6VmJrU8wF9I1CKvP/QwPNZHnOlwbTkY6dvtFIzFMSyQXbLoTQPRpA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      pump: 3.0.0
    dev: false

  /get-stream@6.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ts6Wi+2j3jQjqi70w5AlN8DFnkSwC+MqmxEzdEALB2qXZYV3X/b1CTfgPLGJNMeAWxdPfU8FO1ms3NUfaHCPYg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}

  /get-symbol-description@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2EmdH1YvIQiZpltCNgkuiUnyukzxM/R6NDJX31Ke3BG1Nq5b0S2PhX59UKi9vZpPDQVdqn+1IcaAwnzTT5vCjw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
    dev: true

  /get-tsconfig@4.7.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wuMsz4leaj5hbGgg4IvDU0bqJagpftG5l5cXIAvo8uZrqn0NJqwtfupTN00VnkQJPcIRrxYrm1Ue24btpCha2A==}
    dependencies:
      resolve-pkg-maps: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /getpass@0.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0fzj9JxOLfJ+XGLhR8ze3unN0KZCgZwiSSDz168VERjK8Wl8kVSdcu2kspd4s4wtAa1y/qrVRiAA0WclVsu0ng==}
    dependencies:
      assert-plus: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /glob-parent@5.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AOIgSQCepiJYwP3ARnGx+5VnTu2HBYdzbGP45eLw1vr3zB3vZLeyed1sC9hnbcOc9/SrMyM5RPQrkGz4aS9Zow==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    dependencies:
      is-glob: 4.0.3

  /glob-parent@6.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XxwI8EOhVQgWp6iDL+3b0r86f4d6AX6zSU55HfB4ydCEuXLXc5FcYeOu+nnGftS4TEju/11rt4KJPTMgbfmv4A==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.13.0'}
    dependencies:
      is-glob: 4.0.3

  /glob@7.1.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LwaxwyZ72Lk7vZINtNNrywX0ZuLyStrdDtabefZKAY5ZGJhVtgdznluResxNmPitE0SAO+O26sWTHeKSI2wMBA==}
    dependencies:
      fs.realpath: 1.0.0
      inflight: 1.0.6
      inherits: 2.0.4
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      once: 1.4.0
      path-is-absolute: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /glob@7.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OvD9ENzPLbegENnYP5UUfJIirTg4+XwMWGaQfQTY0JenxNvvIKP3U3/tAQSPIu/lHxXYSZmpXlUHeqAIdKzBLQ==}
    dependencies:
      fs.realpath: 1.0.0
      inflight: 1.0.6
      inherits: 2.0.4
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      once: 1.4.0
      path-is-absolute: 1.0.1

  /glob@8.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-r8hpEjiQEYlF2QU0df3dS+nxxSIreXQS1qRhMJM0Q5NDdR386C7jb7Hwwod8Fgiuex+k0GFjgft18yvxm5XoCQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      fs.realpath: 1.0.0
      inflight: 1.0.6
      inherits: 2.0.4
      minimatch: 5.1.6
      once: 1.4.0
    dev: false

  /global@4.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wv/LAoHdRE3BeTGz53FAamhGlPLhlssK45usmGFThIi4XqnBmjKQ16u+RNbP7WvigRZDxUsM0J3gcQ5yicaL0w==}
    dependencies:
      min-document: 2.19.0
      process: 0.11.10
    dev: false

  /globals@11.12.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WOBp/EEGUiIsJSp7wcv/y6MO+lV9UoncWqxuFfm8eBwzWNgyfBd6Gz+IeKQ9jCmyhoH99g15M3T+QaVHFjizVA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}

  /globals@13.23.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XAmF0RjlrjY23MA51q3HltdlGxUpXPvg0GioKiD9X6HD28iMjo2dKC8Vqwm7lne4GNr78+RHTfliktR6ZH09wA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      type-fest: 0.20.2
    dev: true

  /globalthis@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sFdI5LyBiNTHjRd7cGPWapiHWMOXKyuBNX/cWJ3NfzrZQVa8GI/8cofCl74AOVqq9W5kNmguTIzJ/1s2gyI9wA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      define-properties: 1.2.1
    dev: true

  /globby@11.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jhIXaOzy1sb8IyocaruWSn1TjmnBVs8Ayhcy83rmxNJ8q2uWKCAj3CnJY+KpGSXCueAPc0i05kVvVKtP1t9S3g==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      array-union: 2.1.0
      dir-glob: 3.0.1
      fast-glob: 3.3.1
      ignore: 5.2.4
      merge2: 1.4.1
      slash: 3.0.0
    dev: true

  /gopd@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-d65bNlIadxvpb/A2abVdlqKqV563juRnZ1Wtk6s1sIR8uNsXR70xqIzVqxVf1eTqDunwT2MkczEeaezCKTZhwA==}
    dependencies:
      get-intrinsic: 1.1.3

  /got@11.8.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6tfZ91bOr7bOXnK7PRDCGBLa1H4U080YHNaAQ2KsMGlLEzRbk44nsZF2E1IeRc3vtJHPVbKCYgdFbaGO2ljd8g==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.19.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@sindresorhus/is': 4.6.0
      '@szmarczak/http-timer': 4.0.6
      '@types/cacheable-request': 6.0.3
      '@types/responselike': 1.0.2
      cacheable-lookup: 5.0.4
      cacheable-request: 7.0.4
      decompress-response: 6.0.0
      http2-wrapper: 1.0.3
      lowercase-keys: 2.0.0
      p-cancelable: 2.1.1
      responselike: 2.0.1
    dev: false

  /got@12.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hBv2ty9QN2RdbJJMK3hesmSkFTjVIHyIDDbssCKnSmq62edGgImJWD10Eb1k77TiV1bxloxqcFAVK8+9pkhOig==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.16'}
    dependencies:
      '@sindresorhus/is': 4.6.0
      '@szmarczak/http-timer': 5.0.1
      '@types/cacheable-request': 6.0.3
      '@types/responselike': 1.0.2
      cacheable-lookup: 6.1.0
      cacheable-request: 7.0.4
      decompress-response: 6.0.0
      form-data-encoder: 1.7.1
      get-stream: 6.0.1
      http2-wrapper: 2.2.0
      lowercase-keys: 3.0.0
      p-cancelable: 3.0.0
      responselike: 2.0.1
    dev: false

  /graceful-fs@4.2.11:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RbJ5/jmFcNNCcDV5o9eTnBLJ/HszWV0P73bc+Ff4nS/rJj+YaS6IGyiOL0VoBYX+l1Wrl3k63h/KrH+nhJ0XvQ==}

  /graphemer@1.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EtKwoO6kxCL9WO5xipiHTZlSzBm7WLT627TqC/uVRd0HKmq8NXyebnNYxDoBi7wt8eTWrUrKXCOVaFq9x1kgag==}
    dev: true

  /har-schema@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Oqluz6zhGX8cyRaTQlFMPw80bSJVG2x/cFb8ZPhUILGgHka9SsokCCOQgpveePerqidZOrT14ipqfJb7ILcW5Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: false

  /har-validator@5.1.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nmT2T0lljbxdQZfspsno9hgrG3Uir6Ks5afism62poxqBM6sDnMEuPmzTq8XN0OEwqKLLdh1jQI3qyE66Nzb3w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    deprecated: this library is no longer supported
    dependencies:
      ajv: 6.12.6
      har-schema: 2.0.0
    dev: false

  /has-bigints@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tSvCKtBr9lkF0Ex0aQiP9N+OpV4zi2r/Nee5VkRDbaqv35RLYMzbwQfFSZZH0kR+Rd6302UJZ2p/bJCEoR3VoQ==}
    dev: true

  /has-flag@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sKJf1+ceQBr4SMkvQnBDNDtf4TXpVhVGateu0t918bl30FnbE2m4vNLX+VWe/dpjlb+HugGYzW7uQXH98HPEYw==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}

  /has-flag@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EykJT/Q1KjTWctppgIAgfSO0tKVuZUjhgMr17kqTumMl6Afv3EISleU7qZUzoXDFTAHTDC4NOoG/ZxU3EvlMPQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /has-property-descriptors@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VsX8eaIewvas0xnvinAe9bw4WfIeODpGYikiWYLH+dma0Jw6KHYqWiWfhQlgOVK8D6PvjubK5Uc4P0iIhIcNVg==}
    dependencies:
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
    dev: true

  /has-proto@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7qE+iP+O+bgF9clE5+UoBFzE65mlBiVj3tKCrlNQ0Ogwm0BjpT/gK4SlLYDMybDh5I3TCTKnPPa0oMG7JDYrhg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dev: true

  /has-symbols@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-l3LCuF6MgDNwTDKkdYGEihYjt5pRPbEg46rtlmnSPlUbgmB8LOIrKJbYYFBSbnPaJexMKtiPO8hmeRjRz2Td+A==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}

  /has-tostringtag@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kFjcSNhnlGV1kyoGk7OXKSawH5JOb/LzUc5w9B02hOTO0dfFRjbHQKvg1d6cf3HbeUmtU9VbbV3qzZ2Teh97WQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      has-symbols: 1.0.3

  /has@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-f2dvO0VU6Oej7RkWJGrehjbzMAjFp5/VKPp5tTpWIV4JHHZK1/BxbFRtf/siA2SWTe09caDmVtYYzWEIbBS4zw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4.0'}
    dependencies:
      function-bind: 1.1.1

  /hash-base@3.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1nmYp/rhMDiE7AYkDw+lLwlAzz0AntGIe51F3RfFfEqyQ3feY2eI/NcwC6umIQVOASPMsWJLJScWKSSvzL9IVA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      readable-stream: 3.6.0
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /hash.js@1.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-taOaskGt4z4SOANNseOviYDvjEJinIkRgmp7LbKP2YTTmVxWBl87s/uzK9r+44BclBSp2X7K1hqeNfz9JbBeXA==}
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      minimalistic-assert: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /hasown@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vUptKVTpIJhcczKBbgnS+RtcuYMB8+oNzPK2/Hp3hanz8JmpATdmmgLgSaadVREkDm+e2giHwY3ZRkyjSIDDFA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      function-bind: 1.1.2

  /hey-listen@1.0.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-COpmrF2NOg4TBWUJ5UVyaCU2A88wEMkUPK4hNqyCkqHbxT92BbvfjoSozkAIIm6XhicGlJHhFdullInrdhwU8Q==}
    dev: false

  /hmac-drbg@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Tti3gMqLdZfhOQY1Mzf/AanLiqh1WTiJgEj26ZuYQ9fbkLomzGchCws4FyrSd4VkpBfiNhaE1On+lOz894jvXg==}
    dependencies:
      hash.js: 1.1.7
      minimalistic-assert: 1.0.1
      minimalistic-crypto-utils: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /hosted-git-info@2.8.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mxIDAb9Lsm6DoOJ7xH+5+X4y1LU/4Hi50L9C5sIswK3JzULS4bwk1FvjdBgvYR4bzT4tuUQiC15FE2f5HbLvYw==}
    dev: true

  /http-cache-semantics@4.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-er295DKPVsV82j5kw1Gjt+ADA/XYHsajl82cGNQG2eyoPkvgUhX+nDIyelzhIWbbsXP39EHcI6l5tYs2FYqYXQ==}
    dev: false

  /http-errors@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FtwrG/euBzaEjYeRqOgly7G0qviiXoJWnvEH2Z1plBdXgbyjv34pHTSb9zoeHMyDy33+DWy5Wt9Wo+TURtOYSQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dependencies:
      depd: 2.0.0
      inherits: 2.0.4
      setprototypeof: 1.2.0
      statuses: 2.0.1
      toidentifier: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /http-https@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-o0PWwVCSp3O0wS6FvNr6xfBCHgt0m1tvPLFOCc2iFDKTRAXhB7m8klDf7ErowFH8POa6dVdGatKU5I1YYwzUyg==}
    dev: false

  /http-signature@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CAbnr6Rz4CYQkLYUtSNXxQPUH2gK8f3iWexVlsnMeD+GjlsQ0Xsy1cOX+mN3dtxYomRy21CiOzU8Uhw6OwncEQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8', npm: '>=1.3.7'}
    dependencies:
      assert-plus: 1.0.0
      jsprim: 1.4.2
      sshpk: 1.18.0
    dev: false

  /http2-wrapper@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-V+23sDMr12Wnz7iTcDeJr3O6AIxlnvT/bmaAAAP/Xda35C90p9599p0F1eHR/N1KILWSoWVAiOMFjBBXaXSMxg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.19.0'}
    dependencies:
      quick-lru: 5.1.1
      resolve-alpn: 1.2.1
    dev: false

  /http2-wrapper@2.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kZB0wxMo0sh1PehyjJUWRFEd99KC5TLjZ2cULC4f9iqJBAmKQQXEICjxl5iPJRwP40dpeHFqqhm7tYCvODpqpQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.19.0'}
    dependencies:
      quick-lru: 5.1.1
      resolve-alpn: 1.2.1
    dev: false

  /human-signals@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-B4FFZ6q/T2jhhksgkbEW3HBvWIfDW85snkQgawt07S7J5QXTk6BkNV+0yAeZrM5QpMAdYlocGoljn0sJ/WQkFw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.17.0'}
    dev: true

  /human-signals@4.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nZXjEF2nbo7lIw3mgYjItAfgQXog3OjJogSbKa2CQIIvSGWcKgeJnQlNXip6NglNzYH45nSRiEVimMvYL8DDqQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.18.0'}
    dev: true

  /humanize-ms@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Fl70vYtsAFb/C06PTS9dZBo7ihau+Tu/DNCk/OyHhea07S+aeMWpFFkUaXRa8fI+ScZbEI8dfSxwY7gxZ9SAVQ==}
    dependencies:
      ms: 2.1.3
    dev: false

  /iconv-lite@0.4.24:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-v3MXnZAcvnywkTUEZomIActle7RXXeedOR31wwl7VlyoXO4Qi9arvSenNQWne1TcRwhCL1HwLI21bEqdpj8/rA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      safer-buffer: 2.1.2
    dev: false

  /idna-uts46-hx@2.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PWoF9Keq6laYdIRwwCdhTPl60xRqAloYNMQLiyUnG42VjT53oW07BXIRM+NK7eQjzXjAk2gUvX9caRxlnF9TAA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      punycode: 2.1.0
    dev: false

  /ieee754@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dcyqhDvX1C46lXZcVqCpK+FtMRQVdIMN6/Df5js2zouUsqG7I6sFxitIC+7KYK29KdXOLHdu9zL4sFnoVQnqaA==}
    dev: false

  /ignore-by-default@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ius2VYcGNk7T90CppJqcIkS5ooHUZyIQK+ClZfMfMNFEF9VSE73Fq+906u/CWu92x4gzZMWOwfFYckPObzdEbA==}
    dev: true

  /ignore@5.2.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MAb38BcSbH0eHNBxn7ql2NH/kX33OkB3lZ1BNdh7ENeRChHTYsTvWrMubiIAMNS2llXEEgZ1MUOBtXChP3kaFQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 4'}
    dev: true

  /immediate@3.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HR7EVodfFUdQCTIeySw+WDRFJlPcLOJbXfwwZ7Oom6tjsvZ3bOkCDJHehQC3nxJrv7+f9XecwazynjU8e4Vw3Q==}
    dev: false

  /import-fresh@3.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-veYYhQa+D1QBKznvhUHxb8faxlrwUnxseDAbAp457E0wLNio2bOSKnjYDhMj+YiAq61xrMGhQk9iXVk5FzgQMw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      parent-module: 1.0.1
      resolve-from: 4.0.0
    dev: true

  /imurmurhash@0.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JmXMZ6wuvDmLiHEml9ykzqO6lwFbof0GG4IkcGaENdCRDDmMVnny7s5HsIgHCbaq0w2MyPhDqkhTUgS2LU2PHA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8.19'}
    dev: true

  /indent-string@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EdDDZu4A2OyIK7Lr/2zG+w5jmbuk1DVBnEwREQvBzspBJkCEbRa8GxU1lghYcaGJCnRWibjDXlq779X1/y5xwg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /inflight@1.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-k92I/b08q4wvFscXCLvqfsHCrjrF7yiXsQuIVvVE7N82W3+aqpzuUdBbfhWcy/FZR3/4IgflMgKLOsvPDrGCJA==}
    dependencies:
      once: 1.4.0
      wrappy: 1.0.2

  /inherits@2.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-k/vGaX4/Yla3WzyMCvTQOXYeIHvqOKtnqBduzTHpzpQZzAskKMhZ2K+EnBiSM9zGSoIFeMpXKxa4dYeZIQqewQ==}

  /internal-slot@1.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Xj6dv+PsbtwyPpEflsejS+oIZxmMlV44zAhG479uYu89MsjcYOhCFnNyKrkJrihbsiasQyY0afoCl/9BLR65bg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      hasown: 2.0.0
      side-channel: 1.0.4
    dev: true

  /ipaddr.js@1.9.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0KI/607xoxSToH7GjN1FfSbLoU0+btTicjsQSWQlh/hZykN8KpmMf7uYwPW3R+akZ6R/w18ZlXSHBYXiYUPO3g==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.10'}
    dev: false

  /is-arguments@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8Q7EARjzEnKpt/PCD7e1cgUS0a6X8u5tdSiMqXhojOdoV9TsMsiO+9VLC5vAmO8N7/GmXn7yjR8qnA6bVAEzfA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /is-array-buffer@3.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-y+FyyR/w8vfIRq4eQcM1EYgSTnmHXPqaF+IgzgraytCFq5Xh8lllDVmAZolPJiZttZLeFSINPYMaEJ7/vWUa1w==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      is-typed-array: 1.1.12
    dev: true

  /is-arrayish@0.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zz06S8t0ozoDXMG+ube26zeCTNXcKIPJZJi8hBrF4idCLms4CG9QtK7qBl1boi5ODzFpjswb5JPmHCbMpjaYzg==}
    dev: true

  /is-async-function@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Y1JXKrfykRJGdlDwdKlLpLyMIiWqWvuSd17TvZk68PLAOGOoF4Xyav1z0Xhoi+gCYjZVeC5SI+hYFOfvXmGRCA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /is-bigint@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zB9CruMamjym81i2JZ3UMn54PKGsQzsJeo6xvN3HJJ4CAsQNB6iRutp2To77OfCNuoxspsIhzaPoO1zyCEhFOg==}
    dependencies:
      has-bigints: 1.0.2
    dev: true

  /is-binary-path@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZMERYes6pDydyuGidse7OsHxtbI7WVeUEozgR/g7rd0xUimYNlvZRE/K2MgZTjWy725IfelLeVcEM97mmtRGXw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      binary-extensions: 2.2.0

  /is-boolean-object@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gDYaKHJmnj4aWxyj6YHyXVpdQawtVLHU5cb+eztPGczf6cjuTdwve5ZIEfgXqH4e57An1D1AKf8CZ3kYrQRqYA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /is-builtin-module@3.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BSLE3HnV2syZ0FK0iMA/yUGplUeMmNz4AW5fnTunbCIqZi4vG3WjJT9FHMy5D69xmAYBHXQhJdALdpwVxV501A==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      builtin-modules: 3.3.0
    dev: true

  /is-callable@1.2.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1BC0BVFhS/p0qtw6enp8e+8OD0UrK0oFLztSjNzhcKA3WDuJxxAPXzPuPtKkjEY9UUoEWlX/8fgKeu2S8i9JTA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}

  /is-core-module@2.13.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hHrIjvZsftOsvKSn2TRYl63zvxsgE0K+0mYMoH6gD4omR5IWB2KynivBQczo3+wF1cCkjzvptnI9Q0sPU66ilw==}
    dependencies:
      hasown: 2.0.0

  /is-date-object@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9YQaSxsAiSwcvS33MBk3wTCVnWK+HhF8VZR2jRxehM16QcVOdHqPn4VPHmRK4lSr38n9JriurInLcP90xsYNfQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /is-docker@2.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-F+i2BKsFrH66iaUFc0woD8sLy8getkwTwtOBjvs56Cx4CgJDeKQeqfz8wAYiSb8JOprWhHH5p77PbmYCvvUuXQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: true

  /is-docker@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eljcgEDlEns/7AXFosB5K/2nCM4P7FQPkGc/DWLy5rmFEWvZayGrik1d9/QIY5nJ4f9YsVvBkA6kJpHn9rISdQ==}
    engines: {node: ^12.20.0 || ^14.13.1 || >=16.0.0}
    hasBin: true
    dev: true

  /is-extglob@2.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-SbKbANkN603Vi4jEZv49LeVJMn4yGwsbzZworEoyEiutsN3nJYdbO36zfhGJ6QEDpOZIFkDtnq5JRxmvl3jsoQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}

  /is-finalizationregistry@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0by5vtUJs8iFQb5TYUHHPudOR+qXYIMKtiUzvLIZITZUjknFmziyBJuLhVRc+Ds0dREFlskDNJKYIdIzu/9pfw==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
    dev: true

  /is-fn@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XoFPJQmsAShb3jEQRfzf2rqXavq7fIqF/jOekp308JlThqrODnMpweVSGilKTCXELfLhltGP2AGgbQGVP8F1dg==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /is-fullwidth-code-point@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zymm5+u+sCsSWyD9qNaejV3DFvhCKclKdizYaJUuHA83RLjb7nSuGnddCHGv0hk+KY7BMAlsWeK4Ueg6EV6XQg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /is-function@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lw7DUp0aWXYg+CBCN+JKkcE0Q2RayZnSvnZBlwgxHBQhqt5pZNVy4Ri7H9GmmXkdu7LUthszM+Tor1u/2iBcpQ==}
    dev: false

  /is-generator-function@1.0.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jsEjy9l3yiXEQ+PsXdmBwEPcOxaXWLspKdplFUVI9vq1iZgIekeC0L167qeu86czQaxed3q/Uzuw0swL0irL8A==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0

  /is-glob@4.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xelSayHH36ZgE7ZWhli7pW34hNbNl8Ojv5KVmkJD4hBdD3th8Tfk9vYasLM+mXWOZhFkgZfxhLSnrwRr4elSSg==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      is-extglob: 2.1.1

  /is-hex-prefixed@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WvtOiug1VFrE9v1Cydwm+FnXd3+w9GaeVUss5W4v/SLy3UW00vP+6iNF2SdnfiBoLy4bTqVdkftNGTUeOFVsbA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.5.0', npm: '>=3'}
    dev: false

  /is-inside-container@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KIYLCCJghfHZxqjYBE7rEy0OBuTd5xCHS7tHVgvCLkx7StIoaxwNW3hCALgEUjFfeRk+MG/Qxmp/vtETEF3tRA==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.16'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      is-docker: 3.0.0
    dev: true

  /is-map@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cOZFQQozTha1f4MxLFzlgKYPTyj26picdZTx82hbc/Xf4K/tZOOXSCkMvU4pKioRXGDLJRn0GM7Upe7kR721yg==}
    dev: true

  /is-negative-zero@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dqJvarLawXsFbNDeJW7zAz8ItJ9cd28YufuuFzh0G8pNHjJMnY08Dv7sYX2uF5UpQOwieAeOExEYAWWfu7ZZUA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dev: true

  /is-number-object@1.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-k1U0IRzLMo7ZlYIfzRu23Oh6MiIFasgpb9X76eqfFZAqwH44UI4KTBvBYIZ1dSL9ZzChTB9ShHfLkR4pdW5krQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /is-number@7.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-41Cifkg6e8TylSpdtTpeLVMqvSBEVzTttHvERD741+pnZ8ANv0004MRL43QKPDlK9cGvNp6NZWZUBlbGXYxxng==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.12.0'}

  /is-path-inside@3.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Fd4gABb+ycGAmKou8eMftCupSir5lRxqf4aD/vd0cD2qc4HL07OjCeuHMr8Ro4CoMaeCKDB0/ECBOVWjTwUvPQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /is-plain-object@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VRSzKkbMm5jMDoKLbltAkFQ5Qr7VDiTFGXxYFXXowVj387GeGNOCsOH6Msy00SGZ3Fp84b1Naa1psqgcCIEP5Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: true

  /is-regex@1.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kvRdxDsxZjhzUX07ZnLydzS1TU/TJlTUHHY4YLL87e37oUA49DfkLqgy+VjFocowy29cKvcSiu+kIv728jTTVg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /is-set@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+2cnTEZeY5z/iXGbLhPrOAaK/Mau5k5eXq9j14CpRTftq0pAJu2MwVRSZhyZWBzx3o6X795Lz6Bpb6R0GKf37g==}
    dev: true

  /is-shared-array-buffer@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sqN2UDu1/0y6uvXyStCOzyhAjCSlHceFoMKJW8W9EU9cvic/QdsZ0kEU93HEy3IUEFZIiH/3w+AH/UQbPHNdhA==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
    dev: true

  /is-stream@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hFoiJiTl63nn+kstHGBtewWSKnQLpyb155KHheA1l39uvtO9nWIop1p3udqPcUd/xbF1VLMO4n7OI6p7RbngDg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /is-stream@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LnQR4bZ9IADDRSkvpqMGvt/tEJWclzklNgSw48V5EAaAeDd6qGvN8ei6k5p0tvxSR171VmGyHuTiAOfxAbr8kA==}
    engines: {node: ^12.20.0 || ^14.13.1 || >=16.0.0}
    dev: true

  /is-string@1.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tE2UXzivje6ofPW7l23cjDOMa09gb7xlAqG6jG5ej6uPV32TlWP3NKPigtaGeHNu9fohccRYvIiZMfOOnOYUtg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /is-symbol@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-C/CPBqKWnvdcxqIARxyOh4v1UUEOCHpgDa0WYgpKDFMszcrPcffg5uhwSgPCLD2WWxmq6isisz87tzT01tuGhg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
    dev: true

  /is-typed-array@1.1.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PJqgEHiWZvMpaFZ3uTc8kHPM4+4ADTlDniuQL7cU/UDA0Ql7F70yGfHph3cLNe+c9toaigv+DFzTJKhc2CtO6A==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      available-typed-arrays: 1.0.5
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      for-each: 0.3.3
      gopd: 1.0.1
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0

  /is-typed-array@1.1.12:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Z14TF2JNG8Lss5/HMqt0//T9JeHXttXy5pH/DBU4vi98ozO2btxzq9MwYDZYnKwU8nRsz/+GVFVRDq3DkVuSPg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      which-typed-array: 1.1.13
    dev: true

  /is-typedarray@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cyA56iCMHAh5CdzjJIa4aohJyeO1YbwLi3Jc35MmRU6poroFjIGZzUzupGiRPOjgHg9TLu43xbpwXk523fMxKA==}
    dev: false

  /is-weakmap@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NSBR4kH5oVj1Uwvv970ruUkCV7O1mzgVFO4/rev2cLRda9Tm9HrL70ZPut4rOHgY0FNrUu9BCbXA2sdQ+x0chA==}
    dev: true

  /is-weakref@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qctsuLZmIQ0+vSSMfoVvyFe2+GSEvnmZ2ezTup1SBse9+twCCeial6EEi3Nc2KFcf6+qz2FBPnjXsk8xhKSaPQ==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
    dev: true

  /is-weakset@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-t2yVvttHkQktwnNNmBQ98AhENLdPUTDTE21uPqAQ0ARwQfGeQKRVS0NNurH7bTf7RrvcVn1OOge45CnBeHCSmg==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
    dev: true

  /is-wsl@2.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fKzAra0rGJUUBwGBgNkHZuToZcn+TtXHpeCgmkMJMMYx1sQDYaCSyjJBSCa2nH1DGm7s3n1oBnohoVTBaN7Lww==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      is-docker: 2.2.1
    dev: true

  /isarray@0.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-D2S+3GLxWH+uhrNEcoh/fnmYeP8E8/zHl644d/jdA0g2uyXvy3sb0qxotE+ne0LtccHknQzWwZEzhak7oJ0COQ==}
    dev: false

  /isarray@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VLghIWNM6ELQzo7zwmcg0NmTVyWKYjvIeM83yjp0wRDTmUnrM678fQbcKBo6n2CJEF0szoG//ytg+TKla89ALQ==}
    dev: false

  /isarray@2.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xHjhDr3cNBK0BzdUJSPXZntQUx/mwMS5Rw4A7lPJ90XGAO6ISP/ePDNuo0vhqOZU+UD5JoodwCAAoZQd3FeAKw==}
    dev: true

  /isexe@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RHxMLp9lnKHGHRng9QFhRCMbYAcVpn69smSGcq3f36xjgVVWThj4qqLbTLlq7Ssj8B+fIQ1EuCEGI2lKsyQeIw==}
    dev: true

  /isomorphic-ws@4.0.1(ws@7.5.9):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BhBvN2MBpWTaSHdWRb/bwdZJ1WaehQ2L1KngkCkfLUGF0mAWAT1sQUQacEmQ0jXkFw/czDXPNQSL5u2/Krsz1w==}
    peerDependencies:
      ws: '*'
    dependencies:
      ws: 7.5.9
    dev: false

  /isomorphic-ws@5.0.0(ws@8.12.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-muId7Zzn9ywDsyXgTIafTry2sV3nySZeUDe6YedVd1Hvuuep5AsIlqK+XefWpYTyJG5e503F2xIuT2lcU6rCSw==}
    peerDependencies:
      ws: '*'
    dependencies:
      ws: 8.12.0
    dev: false

  /isows@1.0.3(ws@8.13.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2cKei4vlmg2cxEjm3wVSqn8pcoRF/LX/wpifuuNquFO4SQmPwarClT+SUCA2lt+l581tTeZIPIZuIDo2jWN1fg==}
    peerDependencies:
      ws: '*'
    dependencies:
      ws: 8.13.0(bufferutil@4.0.7)(utf-8-validate@5.0.10)
    dev: false

  /isstream@0.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Yljz7ffyPbrLpLngrMtZ7NduUgVvi6wG9RJ9IUcyCd59YQ911PBJphODUcbOVbqYfxe1wuYf/LJ8PauMRwsM/g==}
    dev: false

  /iterator.prototype@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DR33HMMr8EzwuRL8Y9D3u2BMj8+RqSE850jfGu59kS7tbmPLzGkZmVSfyCFSDxuZiEY6Rzt3T2NA/qU+NwVj1w==}
    dependencies:
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      reflect.getprototypeof: 1.0.4
      set-function-name: 2.0.1
    dev: true

  /jayson@4.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-R6JlbyLN53Mjku329XoRT2zJAE6ZgOQ8f91ucYdMCD4nkGCF9kZSrcGXpHIU4jeKj58zUZke2p+cdQchU7Ly7A==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      '@types/connect': 3.4.35
      '@types/node': 12.20.55
      '@types/ws': 7.4.7
      JSONStream: 1.3.5
      commander: 2.20.3
      delay: 5.0.0
      es6-promisify: 5.0.0
      eyes: 0.1.8
      isomorphic-ws: 4.0.1(ws@7.5.9)
      json-stringify-safe: 5.0.1
      uuid: 8.3.2
      ws: 7.5.9
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /jiti@1.20.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3TV69ZbrvV6U5DfQimop50jE9Dl6J8O1ja1dvBbMba/sZ3YBEQqJ2VZRoQPVnhlzjNtU1vaXRZVrVjU4qtm8yA==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /jose@5.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gRVzy7s3RRdGbXmcTdlOswJOjhwPLx1ijIgAqLY6ktzFpOJxxYn4l0fC2vHaHHi4YBX/5FOL3aY+6W0cvQgpug==}
    dev: false

  /js-sha3@0.5.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GII20kjaPX0zJ8wzkTbNDYMY7msuZcTWk8S5UOh6806Jq/wz1J8/bnr8uGU0DAUmYDjj2Mr4X1cW8v/GLYnR+g==}
    dev: false

  /js-sha3@0.8.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gF1cRrHhIzNfToc802P800N8PpXS+evLLXfsVpowqmAFR9uwbi89WvXg2QspOmXL8QL86J4T1EpFu+yUkwJY3Q==}

  /js-tokens@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RdJUflcE3cUzKiMqQgsCu06FPu9UdIJO0beYbPhHN4k6apgJtifcoCtT9bcxOpYBtpD2kCM6Sbzg4CausW/PKQ==}

  /js-yaml@4.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wpxZs9NoxZaJESJGIZTyDEaYpl0FKSA+FB9aJiyemKhMwkxQg63h4T1KJgUGHpTqPDNRcmmYLugrRjJlBtWvRA==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      argparse: 2.0.1
    dev: true

  /jsbn@0.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UVU9dibq2JcFWxQPA6KCqj5O42VOmAY3zQUfEKxU0KpTGXwNoCjkX1e13eHNvw/xPynt6pU0rZ1htjWTNTSXsg==}
    dev: false

  /jsesc@0.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uZz5UnB7u4T9LvwmFqXii7pZSouaRPorGs5who1Ip7VO0wxanFvBL7GkM6dTHlgX+jhBApRetaWpnDabOeTcnA==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: true

  /jsesc@2.5.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OYu7XEzjkCQ3C5Ps3QIZsQfNpqoJyZZA99wd9aWd05NCtC5pWOkShK2mkL6HXQR6/Cy2lbNdPlZBpuQHXE63gA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    hasBin: true

  /jsesc@3.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xKqzzWXDttJuOcawBt4KnKHHIf5oQ/Cxax+0PWFG+DFDgHNAdi+TXECADI+RYiFUMmx8792xsMbbgXj4CwnP4g==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: true

  /json-buffer@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4bV5BfR2mqfQTJm+V5tPPdf+ZpuhiIvTuAB5g8kcrXOZpTT/QwwVRWBywX1ozr6lEuPdbHxwaJlm9G6mI2sfSQ==}

  /json-parse-even-better-errors@2.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xyFwyhro/JEof6Ghe2iz2NcXoj2sloNsWr/XsERDK/oiPCfaNhl5ONfp+jQdAZRQQ0IJWNzH9zIZF7li91kh2w==}
    dev: true

  /json-rpc-engine@5.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rAffKbPoNDjuRnXkecTjnsE3xLLrb00rEkdgalINhaYVYIxDwWtvYBr9UFbhTvPB1B2qUOLoFd/cV6f4Q7mh7g==}
    dependencies:
      eth-rpc-errors: 3.0.0
      safe-event-emitter: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /json-rpc-engine@6.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NEdLrtrq1jUZyfjkr9OCz9EzCNhnRyWtt1PAnvnhwy6e8XETS0Dtc+ZNCO2gvuAoKsIn2+vCSowXTYE4CkgnAQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@metamask/safe-event-emitter': 2.0.0
      eth-rpc-errors: 4.0.2
    dev: false

  /json-rpc-random-id@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RJ9YYNCkhVDBuP4zN5BBtYAzEl03yq/jIIsyif0JY9qyJuQQZNeDK7anAPKKlyEtLSj2s8h6hNh2F8zO5q7ScA==}
    dev: false

  /json-schema-traverse@0.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xbbCH5dCYU5T8LcEhhuh7HJ88HXuW3qsI3Y0zOZFKfZEHcpWiHU/Jxzk629Brsab/mMiHQti9wMP+845RPe3Vg==}

  /json-schema-traverse@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NM8/P9n3XjXhIZn1lLhkFaACTOURQXjWhV4BA/RnOv8xvgqtqpAX9IO4mRQxSx1Rlo4tqzeqb0sOlruaOy3dug==}
    dev: false

  /json-schema@0.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-es94M3nTIfsEPisRafak+HDLfHXnKBhV3vU5eqPcS3flIWqcxJWgXHXiey3YrpaNsanY5ei1VoYEbOzijuq9BA==}
    dev: false

  /json-stable-stringify-without-jsonify@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Bdboy+l7tA3OGW6FjyFHWkP5LuByj1Tk33Ljyq0axyzdk9//JSi2u3fP1QSmd1KNwq6VOKYGlAu87CisVir6Pw==}
    dev: true

  /json-stable-stringify@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eunSSaEnxV12z+Z73y/j5N37/In40GK4GmsSy+tEHJMxknvqnA7/djeYtAgW0GsWHUfg+847WJjKaEylk2y09g==}
    dependencies:
      jsonify: 0.0.1
    dev: false

  /json-stringify-safe@5.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZClg6AaYvamvYEE82d3Iyd3vSSIjQ+odgjaTzRuO3s7toCdFKczob2i0zCh7JE8kWn17yvAWhUVxvqGwUalsRA==}
    dev: false

  /json5@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-g1MWMLBiz8FKi1e4w0UyVL3w+iJceWAFBAaBnnGKOpNa5f8TLktkbre1+s6oICydWAm+HRUGTmI+//xv2hvXYA==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      minimist: 1.2.8
    dev: true

  /json5@2.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XmOWe7eyHYH14cLdVPoyg+GOH3rYX++KpzrylJwSW98t3Nk+U8XOl8FWKOgwtzdb8lXGf6zYwDUzeHMWfxasyg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    hasBin: true

  /jsonfile@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-m6F1R3z8jjlf2imQHS2Qez5sjKWQzbuuhuJ/FKYFRZvPE3PuHcSMVZzfsLhGVOkfd20obL5SWEBew5ShlquNxg==}
    optionalDependencies:
      graceful-fs: 4.2.11

  /jsonify@0.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2/Ki0GcmuqSrgFyelQq9M05y7PS0mEwuIzrf3f1fPqkVDVRvZrPZtVSMHxdgo8Aq0sxAOb/cr2aqqA3LeWHVPg==}
    dev: false

  /jsonparse@1.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-POQXvpdL69+CluYsillJ7SUhKvytYjW9vG/GKpnf+xP8UWgYEM/RaMzHHofbALDiKbbP1W8UEYmgGl39WkPZsg==}
    engines: {'0': node >= 0.2.0}
    dev: false

  /jsprim@1.4.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-P2bSOMAc/ciLz6DzgjVlGJP9+BrJWu5UDGK70C2iweC5QBIeFf0ZXRvGjEj2uYgrY2MkAAhsSWHDWlFtEroZWw==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.6.0'}
    dependencies:
      assert-plus: 1.0.0
      extsprintf: 1.3.0
      json-schema: 0.4.0
      verror: 1.10.0
    dev: false

  /jsx-ast-utils@3.3.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZZow9HBI5O6EPgSJLUb8n2NKgmVWTwCvHGwFuJlMjvLFqlGG6pjirPhtdsseaLZjSibD8eegzmYpUZwoIlj2cQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0'}
    dependencies:
      array-includes: 3.1.7
      array.prototype.flat: 1.3.2
      object.assign: 4.1.4
      object.values: 1.1.7
    dev: true

  /keccak@3.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PyKKjkH53wDMLGrvmRGSNWgmSxZOUqbnXwKL9tmgbFYA1iAYqW21kfR7mZXV0MlESiefxQQE9X9fTa3X+2MPDQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      node-addon-api: 2.0.2
      node-gyp-build: 4.5.0
      readable-stream: 3.6.0
    dev: false

  /key-encoder@2.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fgBtpAGIr/Fy5/+ZLQZIPPhsZEcbSlYu/Wu96tNDFNSjSACw5lEIOFeaVdQ/iwrb8oxjlWi6wmWdH76hV6GZjg==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/elliptic': 6.4.16
      asn1.js: 5.4.1
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      elliptic: 6.5.4
    dev: false

  /keyv@4.5.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oxVHkHR/EJf2CNXnWxRLW6mg7JyCCUcG0DtEGmL2ctUo1PNTin1PUil+r/+4r5MpVgC/fn1kjsx7mjSujKqIpw==}
    dependencies:
      json-buffer: 3.0.1

  /keyvaluestorage-interface@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8t6Q3TclQ4uZynJY9IGr2+SsIGwK9JHcO6ootkHCGA0CrQCRy+VkouYNO2xicET6b9al7QKzpebNow+gkpCL8g==}
    dev: false

  /language-subtag-registry@0.3.22:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tN0MCzyWnoz/4nHS6uxdlFWoUZT7ABptwKPQ52Ea7URk6vll88bWBVhodtnlfEuCcKWNGoc+uGbw1cwa9IKh/w==}
    dev: true

  /language-tags@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qJhlO9cGXi6hBGKoxEG/sKZDAHD5Hnu9Hs4WbOY3pCWXDhw0N8x1NenNzm2EnNLkLkk7J2SdxAkDSbb6ftT+UQ==}
    dependencies:
      language-subtag-registry: 0.3.22
    dev: true

  /level-codec@7.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ua/R9B9r3RasXdRmOtd+t9TCOEIIlts+TN/7XTT2unhDaL6sJn83S3rUyljbr6lVtw49N3/yA0HHjpV6Kzb2aQ==}
    dev: false

  /level-errors@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/cLUpQduF6bNrWuAC4pwtUKA5t669pCsCi2XbmojG2tFeOr9j6ShtdDCtFFQO1DRt+EVZhx9gPzP9G2bUaG4ig==}
    dependencies:
      errno: 0.1.8
    dev: false

  /level-iterator-stream@1.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1qua0RHNtr4nrZBgYlpV0qHHeHpcRRWTxEZJ8xsemoHAXNL5tbooh4tPEEqIqsbWCAJBmUmkwYK/sW5OrFjWWw==}
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      level-errors: 1.0.5
      readable-stream: 1.1.14
      xtend: 4.0.2
    dev: false

  /level-ws@0.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XUTaO/+Db51Uiyp/t7fCMGVFOTdtLS/NIACxE/GHsij15mKzxksZifKVjlXDF41JMUP/oM1Oc4YNGdKnc3dVLw==}
    dependencies:
      readable-stream: 1.0.34
      xtend: 2.1.2
    dev: false

  /levelup@1.3.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VVGHfKIlmw8w1XqpGOAGwq6sZm2WwWLmlDcULkKWQXEA5EopA8OBNJ2Ck2v6bdk8HeEZSbCSEgzXadyQFm76sQ==}
    dependencies:
      deferred-leveldown: 1.2.2
      level-codec: 7.0.1
      level-errors: 1.0.5
      level-iterator-stream: 1.3.1
      prr: 1.0.1
      semver: 5.4.1
      xtend: 4.0.2
    dev: false

  /levn@0.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+bT2uH4E5LGE7h/n3evcS/sQlJXCpIp6ym8OWJ5eV6+67Dsql/LaaT7qJBAt2rzfoa/5QBGBhxDix1dMt2kQKQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8.0'}
    dependencies:
      prelude-ls: 1.2.1
      type-check: 0.4.0
    dev: true

  /light-my-request@5.11.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qkFCeloXCOMpmEdZ/MV91P8AT4fjwFXWaAFz3lUeStM8RcoM1ks4J/F8r1b3r6y/H4u3ACEJ1T+Gv5bopj7oDA==}
    dependencies:
      cookie: 0.5.0
      process-warning: 2.2.0
      set-cookie-parser: 2.6.0
    dev: false

  /lilconfig@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-utWOt/GHzuUxnLKxB6dk81RoOeoNeHgbrXiuGk4yyF5qlRz+iIVWu56E2fqGHFrXz0QNUhLB/8nKqvRH66JKGQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /lines-and-columns@1.2.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7ylylesZQ/PV29jhEDl3Ufjo6ZX7gCqJr5F7PKrqc93v7fzSymt1BpwEU8nAUXs8qzzvqhbjhK5QZg6Mt/HkBg==}

  /lit-element@3.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XbeRxmTHubXENkV4h8RIPyr8lXc+Ff28rkcQzw3G6up2xg5E8Zu1IgOWIwBLEQsu3cOVFqdYwiVi0hv0SlpqUA==}
    dependencies:
      '@lit-labs/ssr-dom-shim': 1.1.2
      '@lit/reactive-element': 1.6.3
      lit-html: 2.8.0
    dev: false

  /lit-html@2.8.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-o9t+MQM3P4y7M7yNzqAyjp7z+mQGa4NS4CxiyLqFPyFWyc4O+nodLrkrxSaCTrla6M5YOLaT3RpbbqjszB5g3Q==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/trusted-types': 2.0.2
    dev: false

  /lit@2.7.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cgD7xrZoYr21mbrkZIuIrj98YTMw/snJPg52deWVV4A8icLyNHI3bF70xsJeAgwTuiq5Kkd+ZR8gybSJDCPB7g==}
    dependencies:
      '@lit/reactive-element': 1.6.3
      lit-element: 3.3.3
      lit-html: 2.8.0
    dev: false

  /lit@2.8.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4Sc3OFX9QHOJaHbmTMk28SYgVxLN3ePDjg7hofEft2zWlehFL3LiAuapWc4U/kYwMYJSh2hTCPZ6/LIC7ii0MA==}
    dependencies:
      '@lit/reactive-element': 1.6.3
      lit-element: 3.3.3
      lit-html: 2.8.0
    dev: false

  /locate-path@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-t7hw9pI+WvuwNJXwk5zVHpyhIqzg2qTlklJOf0mVxGSbe3Fp2VieZcduNYjaLDoy6p9uGpQEGWG87WpMKlNq8g==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      p-locate: 4.1.0

  /locate-path@6.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iPZK6eYjbxRu3uB4/WZ3EsEIMJFMqAoopl3R+zuq0UjcAm/MO6KCweDgPfP3elTztoKP3KtnVHxTn2NHBSDVUw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      p-locate: 5.0.0
    dev: true

  /lodash.camelcase@4.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TwuEnCnxbc3rAvhf/LbG7tJUDzhqXyFnv3dtzLOPgCG/hODL7WFnsbwktkD7yUV0RrreP/l1PALq/YSg6VvjlA==}

  /lodash.curry@4.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/u14pXGviLaweY5JI0IUzgzF2J6Ne8INyzAZjImcryjgkZ+ebruBxy2/JaOOkTqScddcYtakjhSaeemV8lR0tA==}
    dev: false

  /lodash.debounce@4.0.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FT1yDzDYEoYWhnSGnpE/4Kj1fLZkDFyqRb7fNt6FdYOSxlUWAtp42Eh6Wb0rGIv/m9Bgo7x4GhQbm5Ys4SG5ow==}
    dev: false

  /lodash.flow@3.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ff3BX/tSioo+XojX4MOsOMhJw0nZoUEF011LX8g8d3gvjVbxd89cCio4BCXronjxcTUIJUoqKEUA+n4CqvvRPw==}
    dev: false

  /lodash.isequal@4.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pDo3lu8Jhfjqls6GkMgpahsF9kCyayhgykjyLMNFTKWrpVdAQtYyB4muAMWozBB4ig/dtWAmsMxLEI8wuz+DYQ==}
    dev: false

  /lodash.merge@4.6.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0KpjqXRVvrYyCsX1swR/XTK0va6VQkQM6MNo7PqW77ByjAhoARA8EfrP1N4+KlKj8YS0ZUCtRT/YUuhyYDujIQ==}
    dev: true

  /lodash@4.17.21:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-v2kDEe57lecTulaDIuNTPy3Ry4gLGJ6Z1O3vE1krgXZNrsQ+LFTGHVxVjcXPs17LhbZVGedAJv8XZ1tvj5FvSg==}

  /loose-envify@1.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lyuxPGr/Wfhrlem2CL/UcnUc1zcqKAImBDzukY7Y5F/yQiNdko6+fRLevlw1HgMySw7f611UIY408EtxRSoK3Q==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      js-tokens: 4.0.0

  /lowercase-keys@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tqNXrS78oMOE73NMxK4EMLQsQowWf8jKooH9g7xPavRT706R6bkQJ6DY2Te7QukaZsulxa30wQ7bk0pm4XiHmA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: false

  /lowercase-keys@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ozCC6gdQ+glXOQsveKD0YsDy8DSQFjDTz4zyzEHNV5+JP5D62LmfDZ6o1cycFx9ouG940M5dE8C8CTewdj2YWQ==}
    engines: {node: ^12.20.0 || ^14.13.1 || >=16.0.0}
    dev: false

  /lru-cache@5.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KpNARQA3Iwv+jTA0utUVVbrh+Jlrr1Fv0e56GGzAFOXN7dk/FviaDW8LHmK52DlcH4WP2n6gI8vN1aesBFgo9w==}
    dependencies:
      yallist: 3.1.1

  /lru-cache@6.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Jo6dJ04CmSjuznwJSS3pUeWmd/H0ffTlkXXgwZi+eq1UCmqQwCh+eLsYOYCwY991i2Fah4h1BEMCx4qThGbsiA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      yallist: 4.0.0

  /ltgt@2.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AI2r85+4MquTw9ZYqabu4nMwy9Oftlfa/e/52t9IjtfG+mGBbTNdAoZ3RQKLHR6r0wQnwZnPIEh/Ya6XTWAKNA==}
    dev: false

  /make-error@1.3.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-s8UhlNe7vPKomQhC1qFelMokr/Sc3AgNbso3n74mVPA5LTZwkB9NlXf4XPamLxJE8h0gh73rM94xvwRT2CVInw==}

  /md5.js@1.3.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xitP+WxNPcTTOgnTJcrhM0xvdPepipPSf3I8EIpGKeFLjt3PlJLIDG3u8EX53ZIubkb+5U2+3rELYpEhHhzdkg==}
    dependencies:
      hash-base: 3.1.0
      inherits: 2.0.4
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /media-typer@0.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dq+qelQ9akHpcOl/gUVRTxVIOkAJ1wR3QAvb4RsVjS8oVoFjDGTc679wJYmUmknUF5HwMLOgb5O+a3KxfWapPQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /memdown@1.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iVrGHZB8i4OQfM155xx8akvG9FIj+ht14DX5CQkCTG4EHzZ3d3sgckIf/Lm9ivZalEsFuEVnWv2B2WZvbrro2w==}
    dependencies:
      abstract-leveldown: 2.7.2
      functional-red-black-tree: 1.0.1
      immediate: 3.3.0
      inherits: 2.0.4
      ltgt: 2.2.1
      safe-buffer: 5.1.2
    dev: false

  /merge-descriptors@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cCi6g3/Zr1iqQi6ySbseM1Xvooa98N0w31jzUYrXPX2xqObmFGHJ0tQ5u74H3mVh7wLouTseZyYIq39g8cNp1w==}
    dev: false

  /merge-stream@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-abv/qOcuPfk3URPfDzmZU1LKmuw8kT+0nIHvKrKgFrwifol/doWcdA4ZqsWQ8ENrFKkd67Mfpo/LovbIUsbt3w==}
    dev: true

  /merge2@1.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8q7VEgMJW4J8tcfVPy8g09NcQwZdbwFEqhe/WZkoIzjn/3TGDwtOCYtXGxA3O8tPzpczCCDgv+P2P5y00ZJOOg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8'}

  /merkle-patricia-tree@2.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-81PW5m8oz/pz3GvsAwbauj7Y00rqm81Tzad77tHBwU7pIAtN+TJnMSOJhxBKflSVYhptMMb9RskhqHqrSm1V+g==}
    dependencies:
      async: 1.5.2
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
      level-ws: 0.0.0
      levelup: 1.3.9
      memdown: 1.4.1
      readable-stream: 2.3.8
      rlp: 2.2.7
      semaphore: 1.1.0
    dev: false

  /methods@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iclAHeNqNm68zFtnZ0e+1L2yUIdvzNoauKU4WBA3VvH/vPFieF7qfRlwUZU+DA9P9bPXIS90ulxoUoCH23sV2w==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /micromatch@4.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DMy+ERcEW2q8Z2Po+WNXuw3c5YaUSFjAO5GsJqfEl7UjvtIuFKO6ZrKvcItdy98dwFI2N1tg3zNIdKaQT+aNdA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.6'}
    dependencies:
      braces: 3.0.2
      picomatch: 2.3.1

  /mime-db@1.52.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sPU4uV7dYlvtWJxwwxHD0PuihVNiE7TyAbQ5SWxDCB9mUYvOgroQOwYQQOKPJ8CIbE+1ETVlOoK1UC2nU3gYvg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}

  /mime-types@2.1.35:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZDY+bPm5zTTF+YpCrAU9nK0UgICYPT0QtT1NZWFv4s++TNkcgVaT0g6+4R2uI4MjQjzysHB1zxuWL50hzaeXiw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dependencies:
      mime-db: 1.52.0

  /mime@1.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-x0Vn8spI+wuJ1O6S7gnbaQg8Pxh4NNHb7KSINmEWKiPE4RKOplvijn+NkmYmmRgP68mc70j2EbeTFRsrswaQeg==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /mime@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jSCU7/VB1loIWBZe14aEYHU/+1UMEHoaO7qxCOVJOw9GgH72VAWppxNcjU+x9a2k3GSIBXNKxXQFqRvvZ7vr3A==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /mimic-fn@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OqbOk5oEQeAZ8WXWydlu9HJjz9WVdEIvamMCcXmuqUYjTknH/sqsWvhQ3vgwKFRR1HpjvNBKQ37nbJgYzGqGcg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: true

  /mimic-fn@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vqiC06CuhBTUdZH+RYl8sFrL096vA45Ok5ISO6sE/Mr1jRbGH4Csnhi8f3wKVl7x8mO4Au7Ir9D3Oyv1VYMFJw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: true

  /mimic-response@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-j5EctnkH7amfV/q5Hgmoal1g2QHFJRraOtmx0JpIqkxhBhI/lJSl1nMpQ45hVarwNETOoWEimndZ4QK0RHxuxQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: false

  /mimic-response@3.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-z0yWI+4FDrrweS8Zmt4Ej5HdJmky15+L2e6Wgn3+iK5fWzb6T3fhNFq2+MeTRb064c6Wr4N/wv0DzQTjNzHNGQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /min-document@2.19.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9Wy1B3m3f66bPPmU5hdA4DR4PB2OfDU/+GS3yAB7IQozE3tqXaVv2zOjgla7MEGSRv95+ILmOuvhLkOK6wJtCQ==}
    dependencies:
      dom-walk: 0.1.2
    dev: false

  /min-indent@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-I9jwMn07Sy/IwOj3zVkVik2JTvgpaykDZEigL6Rx6N9LbMywwUSMtxET+7lVoDLLd3O3IXwJwvuuns8UB/HeAg==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: true

  /mini-svg-data-uri@1.4.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-r9deDe9p5FJUPZAk3A59wGH7Ii9YrjjWw0jmw/liSbHl2CHiyXj6FcDXDu2K3TjVAXqiJdaw3xxwlZZr9E6nHg==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /minimalistic-assert@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UtJcAD4yEaGtjPezWuO9wC4nwUnVH/8/Im3yEHQP4b67cXlD/Qr9hdITCU1xDbSEXg2XKNaP8jsReV7vQd00/A==}
    dev: false

  /minimalistic-crypto-utils@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JIYlbt6g8i5jKfJ3xz7rF0LXmv2TkDxBLUkiBeZ7bAx4GnnNMr8xFpGnOxn6GhTEHx3SjRrZEoU+j04prX1ktg==}
    dev: false

  /minimatch@3.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-J7p63hRiAjw1NDEww1W7i37+ByIrOWO5XQQAzZ3VOcL0PNybwpfmV/N05zFAzwQ9USyEcX6t3UO+K5aqBQOIHw==}
    dependencies:
      brace-expansion: 1.1.11

  /minimatch@5.1.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lKwV/1brpG6mBUFHtb7NUmtABCb2WZZmm2wNiOA5hAb8VdCS4B3dtMWyvcoViccwAW/COERjXLt0zP1zXUN26g==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      brace-expansion: 2.0.1
    dev: false

  /minimist@1.2.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2yyAR8qBkN3YuheJanUpWC5U3bb5osDywNB8RzDVlDwDHbocAJveqqj1u8+SVD7jkWT4yvsHCpWqqWqAxb0zCA==}

  /minipass@2.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wxfUjg9WebH+CUDX/CdbRlh5SmfZiy/hpkxaRI16Y9W56Pa75sWgd/rvFilSgrauD9NyFymP/+JFV3KwzIsJeg==}
    dependencies:
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
      yallist: 3.1.1
    dev: false

  /minizlib@1.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6ZYMOEnmVsdCeTJVE0W9ZD+pVnE8h9Hma/iOwwRDsdQoePpoX56/8B6z3P9VNwppJuBKNRuFDRNRqRWexT9G9Q==}
    dependencies:
      minipass: 2.9.0
    dev: false

  /mkdirp-promise@5.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Hepn5kb1lJPtVW84RFT40YG1OddBNTOVUZR2bzQUHc+Z03en8/3uX0+060JDhcEzyO08HmipsN9DcnFMxhIL9w==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    deprecated: This package is broken and no longer maintained. 'mkdirp' itself supports promises now, please switch to that.
    dependencies:
      mkdirp: 1.0.4
    dev: false

  /mkdirp@0.5.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FP+p8RB8OWpF3YZBCrP5gtADmtXApB5AMLn+vdyA+PyxCjrCs00mjyUozssO33cwDeT3wNGdLxJ5M//YqtHAJw==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      minimist: 1.2.8
    dev: false

  /mkdirp@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vVqVZQyf3WLx2Shd0qJ9xuvqgAyKPLAiqITEtqW0oIUjzo3PePDd6fW9iFz30ef7Ysp/oiWqbhszeGWW2T6Gzw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    hasBin: true

  /mnemonist@0.39.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-FPUtkhtJ0efmEFGpU14x7jGbTB+s18LrzRL2KgoWz9YvcY3cPomz8tih01GbHwnGk/OmkOKfqd/RAQoc8Lm7DQ==}
    dependencies:
      obliterator: 2.0.4
    dev: false

  /mock-fs@4.14.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qYvlv/exQ4+svI3UOvPUpLDF0OMX5euvUH0Ny4N5QyRyhNdgAgUrVH3iUINSzEPLvx0kbo/Bp28GJKIqvE7URw==}
    dev: false

  /motion@10.15.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ejP6KioN4pigTGxL93APzOnvtLklParL59UQB2T3HWXQBxFcIp5/7YXFmkgiA6pNKKzjvnLhnonRBN5iSFMnNw==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/animation': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/dom': 10.16.4
      '@motionone/svelte': 10.16.4
      '@motionone/types': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/utils': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/vue': 10.16.4
    dev: false

  /motion@10.16.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-p+PurYqfUdcJZvtnmAqu5fJgV2kR0uLFQuBKtLeFVTrYEVllI99tiOTSefVNYuip9ELTEkepIIDftNdze76NAQ==}
    dependencies:
      '@motionone/animation': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/dom': 10.16.4
      '@motionone/svelte': 10.16.4
      '@motionone/types': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/utils': 10.16.3
      '@motionone/vue': 10.16.4
    dev: false

  /ms@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Tpp60P6IUJDTuOq/5Z8cdskzJujfwqfOTkrwIwj7IRISpnkJnT6SyJ4PCPnGMoFjC9ddhal5KVIYtAt97ix05A==}
    dev: false

  /ms@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sGkPx+VjMtmA6MX27oA4FBFELFCZZ4S4XqeGOXCv68tT+jb3vk/RyaKWP0PTKyWtmLSM0b+adUTEvbs1PEaH2w==}

  /ms@2.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6FlzubTLZG3J2a/NVCAleEhjzq5oxgHyaCU9yYXvcLsvoVaHJq/s5xXI6/XXP6tz7R9xAOtHnSO/tXtF3WRTlA==}

  /multibase@0.6.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pFfAwyTjbbQgNc3G7D48JkJxWtoJoBMaR4xQUOuB8RnCgRqaYmWNFeJTTvrJ2w51bjLq2zTby6Rqj9TQ9elSUw==}
    deprecated: This module has been superseded by the multiformats module
    dependencies:
      base-x: 3.0.9
      buffer: 5.7.1
    dev: false

  /multibase@0.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TW8q03O0f6PNFTQDvh3xxH03c8CjGaaYrjkl9UQPG6rz53TQzzxJVCIWVjzcbN/Q5Y53Zd0IBQBMVktVgNx4Fg==}
    deprecated: This module has been superseded by the multiformats module
    dependencies:
      base-x: 3.0.9
      buffer: 5.7.1
    dev: false

  /multicodec@0.5.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PscoRxm3f+88fAtELwUnZxGDkduE2HD9Q6GHUOywQLjOGT/HAdhjLDYNZ1e7VR0s0TP0EwZ16LNUTFpoBGivOA==}
    deprecated: This module has been superseded by the multiformats module
    dependencies:
      varint: 5.0.2
    dev: false

  /multicodec@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NDd7FeS3QamVtbgfvu5h7fd1IlbaC4EQ0/pgU4zqE2vdHCmBGsUa0TiM8/TdSeG6BMPC92OOCf8F1ocE/Wkrrg==}
    deprecated: This module has been superseded by the multiformats module
    dependencies:
      buffer: 5.7.1
      varint: 5.0.2
    dev: false

  /multiformats@9.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HoMUjhH9T8DDBNT+6xzkrd9ga/XiBI4xLr58LJACwK6G3HTOPeMz4nB4KJs33L2BelrIJa7P0VuNaVF3hMYfjg==}
    dev: false

  /multihashes@0.4.21:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uVSvmeCWf36pU2nB4/1kzYZjsXD9vofZKpgudqkceYY5g2aZZXJ5r9lxuzoRLl1OAp28XljXsEJ/X/85ZsKmKw==}
    dependencies:
      buffer: 5.7.1
      multibase: 0.7.0
      varint: 5.0.2
    dev: false

  /mz@2.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-z81GNO7nnYMEhrGh9LeymoE4+Yr0Wn5McHIZMK5cfQCl+NDX08sCZgUc9/6MHni9IWuFLm1Z3HTCXu2z9fN62Q==}
    dependencies:
      any-promise: 1.3.0
      object-assign: 4.1.1
      thenify-all: 1.6.0
    dev: false

  /nano-json-stream-parser@0.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-9MqxMH/BSJC7dnLsEMPyfN5Dvoo49IsPFYMcHw3Bcfc2kN0lpHRBSzlMSVx4HGyJ7s9B31CyBTVehWJoQ8Ctew==}
    dev: false

  /nanoid@3.3.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BGcqMMJuToF7i1rt+2PWSNVnWIkGCU78jBG3RxO/bZlnZPK2Cmi2QaffxGO/2RvWi9sL+FAiRiXMgsyxQ1DIDA==}
    engines: {node: ^10 || ^12 || ^13.7 || ^14 || >=15.0.1}
    hasBin: true

  /natural-compare@1.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OWND8ei3VtNC9h7V60qff3SVobHr996CTwgxubgyQYEpg290h9J0buyECNNJexkFm5sOajh5G116RYA1c8ZMSw==}
    dev: true

  /negotiator@0.6.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+EUsqGPLsM+j/zdChZjsnX51g4XrHFOIXwfnCVPGlQk/k5giakcKsuxCObBRu6DSm9opw/O6slWbJdghQM4bBg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /next-tick@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CXdUiJembsNjuToQvxayPZF9Vqht7hewsvy2sOWafLvi2awflj9mOC6bHIg50orX8IJvWKY9wYQ/zB2kogPslQ==}
    dev: false

  /node-addon-api@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ntyt4AIXyaLIuMHF6IOoTakB3K+RWxwtsHNRxllEoA6vPwP9o4866g6YWDLUdnucilZhmkxiHwHr11gAENw+QA==}
    dev: false

  /node-fetch@2.6.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZjMPFEfVx5j+y2yF35Kzx5sF7kDzxuDj6ziH4FFbOp87zKDZNx8yExJIb05OGF4Nlt9IHFIMBkRl41VdvcNdbQ==}
    engines: {node: 4.x || >=6.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      encoding: ^0.1.0
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      encoding:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      whatwg-url: 5.0.0
    dev: false

  /node-fetch@2.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-c4FRfUm/dbcWZ7U+1Wq0AwCyFL+3nt2bEw05wfxSz+DWpWsitgmSgYmy2dQdWyKC1694ELPqMs/YzUSNozLt8A==}
    engines: {node: 4.x || >=6.0.0}
    peerDependencies:
      encoding: ^0.1.0
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      encoding:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      whatwg-url: 5.0.0

  /node-gyp-build@4.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2iGbaQBV+ITgCz76ZEjmhUKAKVf7xfY1sRl4UiKQspfZMH2h06SyhNsnSVy50cwkFQDGLyif6m/6uFXHkOZ6rg==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /node-releases@2.0.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uYr7J37ae/ORWdZeQ1xxMJe3NtdmqMC/JZK+geofDrkLUApKRHPd18/TxtBOJ4A0/+uUIliorNrfYV6s1b02eQ==}

  /nodemon@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-g9AZ7HmkhQkqXkRc20w+ZfQ73cHLbE8hnPbtaFbFtCumZsjyMhKk9LajQ07U5Ux28lvFjZ5X7HvWR1xzU8jHVw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      chokidar: 3.5.3
      debug: 3.2.7(supports-color@5.5.0)
      ignore-by-default: 1.0.1
      minimatch: 3.1.2
      pstree.remy: 1.1.8
      semver: 7.5.4
      simple-update-notifier: 2.0.0
      supports-color: 5.5.0
      touch: 3.1.0
      undefsafe: 2.0.5
    dev: true

  /nopt@1.0.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NWmpvLSqUrgrAC9HCuxEvb+PSloHpqVu+FqcO4eeF2h5qYRhA7ev6KvelyQAKtegUbC6RypJnlEOhd8vloNKYg==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      abbrev: 1.1.1
    dev: true

  /normalize-package-data@2.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/5CMN3T0R4XTj4DcGaexo+roZSdSFW/0AOOTROrjxzCG1wrWXEsGbRKevjlIL+ZDE4sZlJr5ED4YW0yqmkK+eA==}
    dependencies:
      hosted-git-info: 2.8.9
      resolve: 1.22.8
      semver: 5.4.1
      validate-npm-package-license: 3.0.4
    dev: true

  /normalize-path@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6eZs5Ls3WtCisHWp9S2GUy8dqkpGi4BVSz3GaqiE6ezub0512ESztXUwUB6C6IKbQkY2Pnb/mD4WYojCRwcwLA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}

  /normalize-range@0.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bdok/XvKII3nUpklnV6P2hxtMNrCboOjAcyBuQnWEhO665FwrSNRxU+AqpsyvO6LgGYPspN+lu5CLtw4jPRKNA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /normalize-url@6.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DlL+XwOy3NxAQ8xuC0okPgK46iuVNAK01YN7RueYBqqFeGsBjV9XmCAzAdgt+667bCl5kPh9EqKKDwnaPG1I7A==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /npm-run-path@4.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-S48WzZW777zhNIrn7gxOlISNAqi9ZC/uQFnRdbeIHhZhCA6UqpkOT8T1G7BvfdgP4Er8gF4sUbaS0i7QvIfCWw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      path-key: 3.1.1
    dev: true

  /npm-run-path@5.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sJOdmRGrY2sjNTRMbSvluQqg+8X7ZK61yvzBEIDhz4f8z1TZFYABsqjjCBd/0PUNE9M6QDgHJXQkGUEm7Q+l9Q==}
    engines: {node: ^12.20.0 || ^14.13.1 || >=16.0.0}
    dependencies:
      path-key: 4.0.0
    dev: true

  /number-to-bn@1.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wsJ9gfSz1/s4ZsJN01lyonwuxA1tml6X1yBDnfpMglypcBRFZZkus26EdPSlqS5GJfYddVZa22p3VNb3z5m5Ig==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.5.0', npm: '>=3'}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.11.6
      strip-hex-prefix: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /oauth-sign@0.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fexhUFFPTGV8ybAtSIGbV6gOkSv8UtRbDBnAyLQw4QPKkgNlsH2ByPGtMUqdWkos6YCRmAqViwgZrJc/mRDzZQ==}
    dev: false

  /object-assign@4.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rJgTQnkUnH1sFw8yT6VSU3zD3sWmu6sZhIseY8VX+GRu3P6F7Fu+JNDoXfklElbLJSnc3FUQHVe4cU5hj+BcUg==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}

  /object-hash@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RSn9F68PjH9HqtltsSnqYC1XXoWe9Bju5+213R98cNGttag9q9yAOTzdbsqvIa7aNm5WffBZFpWYr2aWrklWAw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    dev: false

  /object-inspect@1.12.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-z+cPxW0QGUp0mcqcsgQyLVRDoXFQbXOwBaqyF7VIgI4TWNQsDHrBpUQslRmIfAoYWdYzs6UlKJtB2XJpTaNSpQ==}

  /object-inspect@1.13.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5qoj1RUiKOMsCCNLV1CBiPYE10sziTsnmNxkAI/rZhiD63CF7IqdFGC/XzjWjpSgLf0LxXX3bDFIh0E18f6UhQ==}
    dev: true

  /object-keys@0.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ncrLw+X55z7bkl5PnUvHwFK9FcGuFYo9gtjws2XtSzL+aZ8tm830P60WJ0dSmFVaSalWieW5MD7kEdnXda9yJw==}
    dev: false

  /object-keys@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NuAESUOUMrlIXOfHKzD6bpPu3tYt3xvjNdRIQ+FeT0lNb4K8WR70CaDxhuNguS2XG+GjkyMwOzsN5ZktImfhLA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dev: true

  /object.assign@4.1.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1mxKf0e58bvyjSCtKYY4sRe9itRk3PJpquJOjeIkz885CczcI4IvJJDLPS72oowuSh+pBxUFROpX+TU++hxhZQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      object-keys: 1.1.1
    dev: true

  /object.entries@1.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jCBs/0plmPsOnrKAfFQXRG2NFjlhZgjjcBLSmTnEhU8U6vVTsVe8ANeQJCHTl3gSsI4J+0emOoCgoKlmQPMgmA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
    dev: true

  /object.fromentries@2.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UPbPHML6sL8PI/mOqPwsH4G6iyXcCGzLin8KvEPenOZN5lpCNBZZQ+V62vdjB1mQHrmqGQt5/OJzemUA+KJmEA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
    dev: true

  /object.groupby@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HqaQtqLnp/8Bn4GL16cj+CUYbnpe1bh0TtEaWvybszDG4tgxCJuRpV8VGuvNaI1fAnI4lUJzDG55MXcOH4JZcQ==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
    dev: true

  /object.hasown@1.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fFI4VcYpRHvSLXxP7yiZOMAd331cPfd2p7PFDVbgUsYOfCT3tICVqXWngbjr4m49OvsBwUBQ6O2uQoJvy3RexA==}
    dependencies:
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
    dev: true

  /object.values@1.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-aU6xnDFYT3x17e/f0IiiwlGPTy2jzMySGfUB4fq6z7CV8l85CWHDk5ErhyhpfDHhrOMwGFhSQkhMGHaIotA6Ng==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
    dev: true

  /obliterator@2.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lgHwxlxV1qIg1Eap7LgIeoBWIMFibOjbrYPIPJZcI1mmGAI2m3lNYpK12Y+GBdPQ0U1hRwSord7GIaawz962qQ==}
    dev: false

  /oboe@2.1.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zRFWiF+FoicxEs3jNI/WYUrVEgA7DeET/InK0XQuudGHRg8iIob3cNPrJTKaz4004uaA9Pbe+Dwa8iluhjLZWA==}
    dependencies:
      http-https: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /on-exit-leak-free@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dqaz3u44QbRXQooZLTUKU41ZrzYrcvLISVgbrzbyCMxpmSLJvZ3ZamIJIZ29P6OhZIkNIQKosdeM6t1LYbA9hg==}
    dev: false

  /on-exit-leak-free@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0eJJY6hXLGf1udHwfNftBqH+g73EU4B504nZeKpz1sYRKafAghwxEJunB2O7rDZkL4PGfsMVnTXZ2EjibbqcsA==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    dev: false

  /on-finished@2.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oVlzkg3ENAhCk2zdv7IJwd/QUD4z2RxRwpkcGY8psCVcCYZNq4wYnVWALHM+brtuJjePWiYF/ClmuDr8Ch5+kg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dependencies:
      ee-first: 1.1.1
    dev: false

  /once@1.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lNaJgI+2Q5URQBkccEKHTQOPaXdUxnZZElQTZY0MFUAuaEqe1E+Nyvgdz/aIyNi6Z9MzO5dv1H8n58/GELp3+w==}
    dependencies:
      wrappy: 1.0.2

  /onetime@5.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kbpaSSGJTWdAY5KPVeMOKXSrPtr8C8C7wodJbcsd51jRnmD+GZu8Y0VoU6Dm5Z4vWr0Ig/1NKuWRKf7j5aaYSg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      mimic-fn: 2.1.0
    dev: true

  /onetime@6.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1FlR+gjXK7X+AsAHso35MnyN5KqGwJRi/31ft6x0M194ht7S+rWAvd7PHss9xSKMzE0asv1pyIHaJYq+BbacAQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      mimic-fn: 4.0.0
    dev: true

  /open@9.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OS+QTnw1/4vrf+9hh1jc1jnYjzSG4ttTBB8UxOwAnInG3Uo4ssetzC1ihqaIHjLJnA5GGlRl6QlZXOTQhRBUvg==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.16'}
    dependencies:
      default-browser: 4.0.0
      define-lazy-prop: 3.0.0
      is-inside-container: 1.0.0
      is-wsl: 2.2.0
    dev: true

  /optionator@0.9.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JjCoypp+jKn1ttEFExxhetCKeJt9zhAgAve5FXHixTvFDW/5aEktX9bufBKLRRMdU7bNtpLfcGu94B3cdEJgjg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@aashutoshrathi/word-wrap': 1.2.6
      deep-is: 0.1.4
      fast-levenshtein: 2.0.6
      levn: 0.4.1
      prelude-ls: 1.2.1
      type-check: 0.4.0
    dev: true

  /p-cancelable@2.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BZOr3nRQHOntUjTrH8+Lh54smKHoHyur8We1V8DSMVrl5A2malOOwuJRnKRDjSnkoeBh4at6BwEnb5I7Jl31wg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: false

  /p-cancelable@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mlVgR3PGuzlo0MmTdk4cXqXWlwQDLnONTAg6sm62XkMJEiRxN3GL3SffkYvqwonbkJBcrI7Uvv5Zh9yjvn2iUw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.20'}
    dev: false

  /p-limit@2.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-//88mFWSJx8lxCzwdAABTJL2MyWB12+eIY7MDL2SqLmAkeKU9qxRvWuSyTjm3FUmpBEMuFfckAIqEaVGUDxb6w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      p-try: 2.2.0

  /p-limit@3.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TYOanM3wGwNGsZN2cVTYPArw454xnXj5qmWF1bEoAc4+cU/ol7GVh7odevjp1FNHduHc3KZMcFduxU5Xc6uJRQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      yocto-queue: 0.1.0

  /p-locate@4.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-R79ZZ/0wAxKGu3oYMlz8jy/kbhsNrS7SKZ7PxEHBgJ5+F2mtFW2fK2cOtBh1cHYkQsbzFV7I+EoRKe6Yt0oK7A==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      p-limit: 2.3.0

  /p-locate@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LaNjtRWUBY++zB5nE/NwcaoMylSPk+S+ZHNB1TzdbMJMny6dynpAGt7X/tl/QYq3TIeE6nxHppbo2LGymrG5Pw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      p-limit: 3.1.0
    dev: true

  /p-try@2.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-R4nPAVTAU0B9D35/Gk3uJf/7XYbQcyohSKdvAxIRSNghFl4e71hVoGnBNQz9cWaXxO2I10KTC+3jMdvvoKw6dQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}

  /parent-module@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GQ2EWRpQV8/o+Aw8YqtfZZPfNRWZYkbidE9k5rpl/hC3vtHHBfGm2Ifi6qWV+coDGkrUKZAxE3Lot5kcsRlh+g==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      callsites: 3.1.0
    dev: true

  /parse-headers@2.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ft3iAoLOB/MlwbNXgzy43SWGP6sQki2jQvAyBg/zDFAgr9bfNWZIUj42Kw2eJIl8kEi4PbgE6U1Zau/HwI75HA==}
    dev: false

  /parse-json@5.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ayCKvm/phCGxOkYRSCM82iDwct8/EonSEgCSxWxD7ve6jHggsFl4fZVQBPRNgQoKiuV/odhFrGzQXZwbifC8Rg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/code-frame': 7.22.13
      error-ex: 1.3.2
      json-parse-even-better-errors: 2.3.1
      lines-and-columns: 1.2.4
    dev: true

  /parseurl@1.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CiyeOxFT/JZyN5m0z9PfXw4SCBJ6Sygz1Dpl0wqjlhDEGGBP1GnsUVEL0p63hoG1fcj3fHynXi9NYO4nWOL+qQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dev: false

  /path-exists@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ak9Qy5Q7jYb2Wwcey5Fpvg2KoAc/ZIhLSLOSBmRmygPsGwkVVt0fZa0qrtMz+m6tJTAHfZQ8FnmB4MG4LWy7/w==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /path-is-absolute@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AVbw3UJ2e9bq64vSaS9Am0fje1Pa8pbGqTTsmXfaIiMpnr5DlDhfJOuLj9Sf95ZPVDAUerDfEk88MPmPe7UCQg==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}

  /path-key@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ojmeN0qd+y0jszEtoY48r0Peq5dwMEkIlCOu6Q5f41lfkswXuKtYrhgoTpLnyIcHm24Uhqx+5Tqm2InSwLhE6Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /path-key@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-haREypq7xkM7ErfgIyA0z+Bj4AGKlMSdlQE2jvJo6huWD1EdkKYV+G/T4nq0YEF2vgTT8kqMFKo1uHn950r4SQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: true

  /path-parse@1.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LDJzPVEEEPR+y48z93A0Ed0yXb8pAByGWo/k5YYdYgpY2/2EsOsksJrq7lOHxryrVOn1ejG6oAp8ahvOIQD8sw==}

  /path-to-regexp@0.1.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5DFkuoqlv1uYQKxy8omFBeJPQcdoE07Kv2sferDCrAq1ohOU+MSDswDIbnx3YAM60qIOnYa53wBhXW0EbMonrQ==}
    dev: false

  /path-type@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gDKb8aZMDeD/tZWs9P6+q0J9Mwkdl6xMV8TjnGP3qJVJ06bdMgkbBlLU8IdfOsIsFz2BW1rNVT3XuNEl8zPAvw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /pbkdf2@3.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iuh7L6jA7JEGu2WxDwtQP1ddOpaJNC4KlDEFfdQajSGgGPNi4OyDc2R7QnbY2bR9QjBVGwgvTdNJZoE7RaxUMA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.12'}
    dependencies:
      create-hash: 1.2.0
      create-hmac: 1.1.7
      ripemd160: 2.0.2
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
      sha.js: 2.4.11
    dev: false

  /performance-now@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7EAHlyLHI56VEIdK57uwHdHKIaAGbnXPiw0yWbarQZOKaKpvUIgW0jWRVLiatnM+XXlSwsanIBH/hzGMJulMow==}
    dev: false

  /picocolors@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1fygroTLlHu66zi26VoTDv8yRgm0Fccecssto+MhsZ0D/DGW2sm8E8AjW7NU5VVTRt5GxbeZ5qBuJr+HyLYkjQ==}

  /picomatch@2.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JU3teHTNjmE2VCGFzuY8EXzCDVwEqB2a8fsIvwaStHhAWJEeVd1o1QD80CU6+ZdEXXSLbSsuLwJjkCBWqRQUVA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.6'}

  /pify@2.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-udgsAY+fTnvv7kI7aaxbqwWNb0AHiB0qBO89PZKPkoTmGOgdbrHDKD+0B2X4uTfJ/FT1R09r9gTsjUjNJotuog==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /pify@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-C3FsVNH1udSEX48gGX1xfvwTWfsYWj5U+8/uK15BGzIGrKoUpghX8hWZwa/OFnakBiiVNmBvemTJR5mcy7iPcg==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: false

  /pify@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eW/gHNMlxdSP6dmG6uJip6FXN0EQBwm2clYYd8Wul42Cwu/DK8HEftzsapcNdYe2MfLiIwZqsDk2RDEsTE79hA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /pino-abstract-transport@0.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+KAgmVeqXYbTtU2FScx1XS3kNyfZ5TrXY07V96QnUSFqo2gAqlvmaxH67Lj7SWazqsMabf+58ctdTcBgnOLUOQ==}
    dependencies:
      duplexify: 4.1.2
      split2: 4.2.0
    dev: false

  /pino-abstract-transport@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lsleG3/2a/JIWUtf9Q5gUNErBqwIu1tUKTT3dUzaf5DySw9ra1wcqKjJjLX1VTY64Wk1eEOYsVGSaGfCK85ekA==}
    dependencies:
      readable-stream: 4.4.2
      split2: 4.2.0
    dev: false

  /pino-std-serializers@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cK0pekc1Kjy5w9V2/n+8MkZwusa6EyyxfeQCB799CQRhRt/CqYKiWs5adeu8Shve2ZNffvfC/7J64A2PJo1W/Q==}
    dev: false

  /pino-std-serializers@6.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cHjPPsE+vhj/tnhCy/wiMh3M3z3h/j15zHQX+S9GkTBgqJuTuJzYJ4gUyACLhDaJ7kk9ba9iRDmbH2tJU03OiA==}
    dev: false

  /pino@7.11.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dMACeu63HtRLmCG8VKdy4cShCPKaYDR4youZqoSWLxl5Gu99HUw8bw75thbPv9Nip+H+QYX8o3ZJbTdVZZ2TVg==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      atomic-sleep: 1.0.0
      fast-redact: 3.3.0
      on-exit-leak-free: 0.2.0
      pino-abstract-transport: 0.5.0
      pino-std-serializers: 4.0.0
      process-warning: 1.0.0
      quick-format-unescaped: 4.0.4
      real-require: 0.1.0
      safe-stable-stringify: 2.4.3
      sonic-boom: 2.8.0
      thread-stream: 0.15.2
    dev: false

  /pino@8.16.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3bKsVhBmgPjGV9pyn4fO/8RtoVDR8ssW1ev819FsRXlRNgW8gR/9Kx+gCK4UPWd4JjrRDLWpzd/pb1AyWm3MGA==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      atomic-sleep: 1.0.0
      fast-redact: 3.3.0
      on-exit-leak-free: 2.1.2
      pino-abstract-transport: 1.1.0
      pino-std-serializers: 6.2.2
      process-warning: 2.2.0
      quick-format-unescaped: 4.0.4
      real-require: 0.2.0
      safe-stable-stringify: 2.4.3
      sonic-boom: 3.7.0
      thread-stream: 2.4.1
    dev: false

  /pirates@4.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-saLsH7WeYYPiD25LDuLRRY/i+6HaPYr6G1OUlN39otzkSTxKnubR9RTxS3/Kk50s1g2JTgFwWQDQyplC5/SHZg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    dev: false

  /pluralize@8.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Nc3IT5yHzflTfbjgqWcCPpo7DaKy4FnpB0l/zCAW0Tc7jxAiuqSxHasntB3D7887LSrA93kDJ9IXovxJYxyLCA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: true

  /pngjs@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-40QW5YalBNfQo5yRYmiw7Yz6TKKVr3h6970B2YE+3fQpsWcrbj1PzJgxeJ19DRQjhMbKPIuMY8rFaXc8moolVw==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.13.0'}
    dev: false

  /postcss-import@15.1.0(postcss@8.4.31):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hpr+J05B2FVYUAXHeK1YyI267J/dDDhMU6B6civm8hSY1jYJnBXxzKDKDswzJmtLHryrjhnDjqqp/49t8FALew==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      postcss: ^8.0.0
    dependencies:
      postcss: 8.4.31
      postcss-value-parser: 4.2.0
      read-cache: 1.0.0
      resolve: 1.22.8
    dev: false

  /postcss-js@4.0.1(postcss@8.4.31):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dDLF8pEO191hJMtlHFPRa8xsizHaM82MLfNkUHdUtVEV3tgTp5oj+8qbEqYM57SLfc74KSbw//4SeJma2LRVIw==}
    engines: {node: ^12 || ^14 || >= 16}
    peerDependencies:
      postcss: ^8.4.21
    dependencies:
      camelcase-css: 2.0.1
      postcss: 8.4.31
    dev: false

  /postcss-load-config@4.0.1(postcss@8.4.31)(ts-node@10.9.1):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vEJIc8RdiBRu3oRAI0ymerOn+7rPuMvRXslTvZUKZonDHFIczxztIyJ1urxM1x9JXEikvpWWTUUqal5j/8QgvA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    peerDependencies:
      postcss: '>=8.0.9'
      ts-node: '>=9.0.0'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      postcss:
        optional: true
      ts-node:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      lilconfig: 2.1.0
      postcss: 8.4.31
      ts-node: 10.9.1(@types/node@20.8.9)(typescript@5.2.2)
      yaml: 2.3.3
    dev: false

  /postcss-nested@6.0.1(postcss@8.4.31):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mEp4xPMi5bSWiMbsgoPfcP74lsWLHkQbZc3sY+jWYd65CUwXrUaTp0fmNpa01ZcETKlIgUdFN/MpS2xZtqL9dQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      postcss: ^8.2.14
    dependencies:
      postcss: 8.4.31
      postcss-selector-parser: 6.0.13
    dev: false

  /postcss-nesting@12.0.1(postcss@8.4.31):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6LCqCWP9pqwXw/njMvNK0hGY44Fxc4B2EsGbn6xDcxbNRzP8GYoxT7yabVVMLrX3quqOJ9hg2jYMsnkedOf8pA==}
    engines: {node: ^14 || ^16 || >=18}
    peerDependencies:
      postcss: ^8.4
    dependencies:
      '@csstools/selector-specificity': 3.0.0(postcss-selector-parser@6.0.13)
      postcss: 8.4.31
      postcss-selector-parser: 6.0.13
    dev: false

  /postcss-selector-parser@6.0.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EaV1Gl4mUEV4ddhDnv/xtj7sxwrwxdetHdWUGnT4VJQf+4d05v6lHYZr8N573k5Z0BViss7BDhfWtKS3+sfAqQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dependencies:
      cssesc: 3.0.0
      util-deprecate: 1.0.2
    dev: false

  /postcss-value-parser@4.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1NNCs6uurfkVbeXG4S8JFT9t19m45ICnif8zWLd5oPSZ50QnwMfK+H3jv408d4jw/7Bttv5axS5IiHoLaVNHeQ==}
    dev: false

  /postcss@8.4.31:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PS08Iboia9mts/2ygV3eLpY5ghnUcfLV/EXTOW1E2qYxJKGGBUtNjN76FYHnMs36RmARn41bC0AZmn+rR0OVpQ==}
    engines: {node: ^10 || ^12 || >=14}
    dependencies:
      nanoid: 3.3.6
      picocolors: 1.0.0
      source-map-js: 1.0.2

  /preact@10.11.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eY93IVpod/zG3uMF22Unl8h9KkrcKIRs2EGar8hwLZZDU1lkjph303V9HZBwufh2s736U6VXuhD109LYqPoffg==}
    dev: false

  /preact@10.18.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mKUD7RRkQQM6s7Rkmi7IFkoEHjuFqRQUaXamO61E6Nn7vqF/bo7EZCmSyrUnp2UWHw0O7XjZ2eeXis+m7tf4lg==}
    dev: false

  /precond@0.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QCYG84SgGyGzqJ/vlMsxeXd/pgL/I94ixdNFyh1PusWmTCyVfPJjZ1K1jvHtsbfnXQs2TSkEP2fR7QiMZAnKFQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /prelude-ls@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vkcDPrRZo1QZLbn5RLGPpg/WmIQ65qoWWhcGKf/b5eplkkarX0m9z8ppCat4mlOqUsWpyNuYgO3VRyrYHSzX5g==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8.0'}
    dev: true

  /prettier-linter-helpers@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GbK2cP9nraSSUF9N2XwUwqfzlAFlMNYYl+ShE/V+H8a9uNl/oUqB1w2EL54Jh0OlyRSd8RfWYJ3coVS4TROP2w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      fast-diff: 1.3.0
    dev: true

  /prettier@2.8.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tdN8qQGvNjw4CHbY+XXk0JgCXn9QiF21a55rBe5LJAU+kDyC4WQn4+awm2Xfk2lQMk5fKup9XgzTZtGkjBdP9Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.13.0'}
    hasBin: true

  /prettier@3.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-L/4pUDMxcNa8R/EthV08Zt42WBO4h1rarVtK0K+QJG0X187OLo7l699jWw0GKuwzkPQ//jMFA/8Xm6Fh3J/DAg==}
    engines: {node: '>=14'}
    hasBin: true
    dev: true

  /process-nextick-args@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3ouUOpQhtgrbOa17J7+uxOTpITYWaGP7/AhoR3+A+/1e9skrzelGi/dXzEYyvbxubEF6Wn2ypscTKiKJFFn1ag==}
    dev: false

  /process-warning@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-du4wfLyj4yCZq1VupnVSZmRsPJsNuxoDQFdCFHLaYiEbFBD7QE0a+I4D7hOxrVnh78QE/YipFAj9lXHiXocV+Q==}
    dev: false

  /process-warning@2.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/1WZ8+VQjR6avWOgHeEPd7SDQmFQ1B5mC1eRXsCm5TarlNmx/wCsa5GEaxGm05BORRtyG/Ex/3xq3TuRvq57qg==}
    dev: false

  /process@0.11.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cdGef/drWFoydD1JsMzuFf8100nZl+GT+yacc2bEced5f9Rjk4z+WtFUTBu9PhOi9j/jfmBPu0mMEY4wIdAF8A==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6.0'}
    dev: false

  /promise-to-callback@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uhMIZmKM5ZteDMfLgJnoSq9GCwsNKrYau73Awf1jIy6/eUcuuZ3P+CD9zUv0kJsIUbU+x6uLNIhXhLHDs1pNPA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      is-fn: 1.0.0
      set-immediate-shim: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /promise@7.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nolQXZ/4L+bP/UGlkfaIujX9BKxGwmQ9OT4mOt5yvy8iK1h3wqTEJCijzGANTCCl9nWjY41juyAn2K3Q1hLLTg==}
    dependencies:
      asap: 2.0.6
    dev: false

  /prop-types@15.8.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oj87CgZICdulUohogVAR7AjlC0327U4el4L6eAvOqCeudMDVU0NThNaV+b9Df4dXgSP1gXMTnPdhfe/2qDH5cg==}
    dependencies:
      loose-envify: 1.4.0
      object-assign: 4.1.1
      react-is: 16.13.1
    dev: true

  /proxy-addr@2.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-llQsMLSUDUPT44jdrU/O37qlnifitDP+ZwrmmZcoSKyLKvtZxpyV0n2/bD/N4tBAAZ/gJEdZU7KMraoK1+XYAg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.10'}
    dependencies:
      forwarded: 0.2.0
      ipaddr.js: 1.9.1
    dev: false

  /proxy-compare@2.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oyfc0Tx87Cpwva5ZXezSp5V9vht1c7dZBhvuV/y3ctkgMVUmiAGDVeeB0dKhGSyT0v1ZTEQYpe/RXlBVBNuCLA==}
    dev: false

  /proxy-from-env@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-D+zkORCbA9f1tdWRK0RaCR3GPv50cMxcrz4X8k5LTSUD1Dkw47mKJEZQNunItRTkWwgtaUSo1RVFRIG9ZXiFYg==}
    dev: true

  /prr@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yPw4Sng1gWghHQWj0B3ZggWUm4qVbPwPFcRG8KyxiU7J2OHFSoEHKS+EZ3fv5l1t9CyCiop6l/ZYeWbrgoQejw==}
    dev: false

  /psl@1.9.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-E/ZsdU4HLs/68gYzgGTkMicWTLPdAftJLfJFlLUAAKZGkStNU72sZjT66SnMDVOfOWY/YAoiD7Jxa9iHvngcag==}
    dev: false

  /pstree.remy@1.1.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-77DZwxQmxKnu3aR542U+X8FypNzbfJ+C5XQDk3uWjWxn6151aIMGthWYRXTqT1E5oJvg+ljaa2OJi+VfvCOQ8w==}
    dev: true

  /pump@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LwZy+p3SFs1Pytd/jYct4wpv49HiYCqd9Rlc5ZVdk0V+8Yzv6jR5Blk3TRmPL1ft69TxP0IMZGJ+WPFU2BFhww==}
    dependencies:
      end-of-stream: 1.4.4
      once: 1.4.0
    dev: false

  /punycode@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Yxz2kRwT90aPiWEMHVYnEf4+rhwF1tBmmZ4KepCP+Wkium9JxtWnUm1nqGwpiAHr/tnTSeHqr3wb++jgSkXjhA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: false

  /punycode@2.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rRV+zQD8tVFys26lAGR9WUuS4iUAngJScM+ZRSKtvl5tKeZ2t5bvdNFdNHBW9FWR4guGHlgmsZ1G7BSm2wTbuA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}

  /pure-color@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QFADYnsVoBMw1srW7OVKEYjG+MbIa49s54w1MA1EDY6r2r/sTcKKYqRX1f4GYvnXP7eN/Pe9HFcX+hwzmrXRHA==}
    dev: false

  /qrcode@1.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nS8NJ1Z3md8uTjKtP+SGGhfqmTCs5flU/xR623oI0JX+Wepz9R8UrRVCTBTJm3qGw3rH6jJ6MUHjkDx15cxSSg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.13.0'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      dijkstrajs: 1.0.2
      encode-utf8: 1.0.3
      pngjs: 5.0.0
      yargs: 15.4.1
    dev: false

  /qrcode@1.5.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-puyri6ApkEHYiVl4CFzo1tDkAZ+ATcnbJrJ6RiBM1Fhctdn/ix9MTE3hRph33omisEbC/2fcfemsseiKgBPKZg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.13.0'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      dijkstrajs: 1.0.2
      encode-utf8: 1.0.3
      pngjs: 5.0.0
      yargs: 15.4.1
    dev: false

  /qs@6.11.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MvjoMCJwEarSbUYk5O+nmoSzSutSsTwF85zcHPQ9OrlFoZOYIjaqBAJIqIXjptyD5vThxGq52Xu/MaJzRkIk4Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.6'}
    dependencies:
      side-channel: 1.0.4
    dev: false

  /qs@6.5.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qxXIEh4pCGfHICj1mAJQ2/2XVZkjCDTcEgfoSQxc/fYivUZxTkk7L3bDBJSoNrEzXI17oUO5Dp07ktqE5KzczA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.6'}
    dev: false

  /query-string@5.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-gjWOsm2SoGlgLEdAGt7a6slVOk9mGiXmPFMqrEhLQ68rhQuBnpfs3+EmlvqKyxnCo9/PPlF+9MtY02S1aFg+Jw==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      decode-uri-component: 0.2.2
      object-assign: 4.1.1
      strict-uri-encode: 1.1.0
    dev: false

  /query-string@6.13.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-svk3xg9qHR39P3JlHuD7g3nRnyay5mHbrPctEBDUxUkHRifPHXJDhBUycdCC0NBjXoDf44Gb+IsOZL1Uwn8M/Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      decode-uri-component: 0.2.0
      split-on-first: 1.1.0
      strict-uri-encode: 2.0.0
    dev: false

  /query-string@7.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hh2WYhq4fi8+b+/2Kg9CEge4fDPvHS534aOOvOZeQ3+Vf2mCFsaFBYj0i+iXcAq6I9Vzp5fjMFBlONvayDC1qg==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      decode-uri-component: 0.2.2
      filter-obj: 1.1.0
      split-on-first: 1.1.0
      strict-uri-encode: 2.0.0
    dev: false

  /queue-microtask@1.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NuaNSa6flKT5JaSYQzJok04JzTL1CA6aGhv5rfLW3PgqA+M2ChpZQnAC8h8i4ZFkBS8X5RqkDBHA7r4hej3K9A==}

  /quick-format-unescaped@4.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tYC1Q1hgyRuHgloV/YXs2w15unPVh8qfu/qCTfhTYamaw7fyhumKa2yGpdSo87vY32rIclj+4fWYQXUMs9EHvg==}
    dev: false

  /quick-lru@5.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WuyALRjWPDGtt/wzJiadO5AXY+8hZ80hVpe6MyivgraREW751X3SbhRvG3eLKOYN+8VEvqLcf3wdnt44Z4S4SA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /randombytes@2.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vYl3iOX+4CKUWuxGi9Ukhie6fsqXqS9FE2Zaic4tNFD2N2QQaXOMFbuKK4QmDHC0JO6B1Zp41J0LpT0oR68amQ==}
    dependencies:
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /range-parser@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Hrgsx+orqoygnmhFbKaHE6c296J+HTAQXoxEF6gNupROmmGJRoyzfG3ccAveqCBrwr/2yxQ5BVd/GTl5agOwSg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dev: false

  /raw-body@2.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qqJBtEyVgS0ZmPGdCFPWJ3FreoqvG4MVQln/kCgF7Olq95IbOp0/BWyMwbdtn4VTvkM8Y7khCQ2Xgk/tcrCXig==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dependencies:
      bytes: 3.1.2
      http-errors: 2.0.0
      iconv-lite: 0.4.24
      unpipe: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /raw-body@2.5.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8zGqypfENjCIqGhgXToC8aB2r7YrBX+AQAfIPs/Mlk+BtPTztOvTS01NRW/3Eh60J+a48lt8qsCzirQ6loCVfA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dependencies:
      bytes: 3.1.2
      http-errors: 2.0.0
      iconv-lite: 0.4.24
      unpipe: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /react-base16-styling@0.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-yvh/7CArceR/jNATXOKDlvTnPKPmGZz7zsenQ3jUwLzHkNUR0CvY3yGYJbWJ/nnxsL8Sgmt5cO3/SILVuPO6TQ==}
    dependencies:
      base16: 1.0.0
      lodash.curry: 4.1.1
      lodash.flow: 3.5.0
      pure-color: 1.3.0
    dev: false

  /react-dom@18.2.0(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6IMTriUmvsjHUjNtEDudZfuDQUoWXVxKHhlEGSk81n4YFS+r/Kl99wXiwlVXtPBtJenozv2P+hxDsw9eA7Xo6g==}
    peerDependencies:
      react: ^18.2.0
    dependencies:
      loose-envify: 1.4.0
      react: 18.2.0
      scheduler: 0.23.0
    dev: false

  /react-is@16.13.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-24e6ynE2H+OKt4kqsOvNd8kBpV65zoxbA4BVsEOB3ARVWQki/DHzaUoC5KuON/BiccDaCCTZBuOcfZs70kR8bQ==}
    dev: true

  /react-json-view@1.21.3(@types/react@18.0.25)(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-13p8IREj9/x/Ye4WI/JpjhoIwuzEgUAtgJZNBJckfzJt1qyh24BdTm6UQNGnyTq9dapQdrqvquZTo3dz1X6Cjw==}
    peerDependencies:
      react: ^17.0.0 || ^16.3.0 || ^15.5.4
      react-dom: ^17.0.0 || ^16.3.0 || ^15.5.4
    dependencies:
      flux: 4.0.4(react@18.2.0)
      react: 18.2.0
      react-base16-styling: 0.6.0
      react-dom: 18.2.0(react@18.2.0)
      react-lifecycles-compat: 3.0.4
      react-textarea-autosize: 8.5.3(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@types/react'
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /react-lifecycles-compat@3.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fBASbA6LnOU9dOU2eW7aQ8xmYBSXUIWr+UmF9b1efZBazGNO+rcXT/icdKnYm2pTwcRylVUYwW7H1PHfLekVzA==}
    dev: false

  /react-refresh@0.14.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wViHqhAd8OHeLS/IRMJjTSDHF3U9eWi62F/MledQGPdJGDhodXJ9PBLNGr6WWL7qlH12Mt3TyTpbS+hGXMjCzQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: true

  /react-textarea-autosize@8.5.3(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XT1024o2pqCuZSuBt9FwHlaDeNtVrtCXu0Rnz88t1jUGheCLa3PhjE1GH8Ctm2axEtvdCl5SUHYschyQ0L5QHQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    peerDependencies:
      react: ^16.8.0 || ^17.0.0 || ^18.0.0
    dependencies:
      '@babel/runtime': 7.23.2
      react: 18.2.0
      use-composed-ref: 1.3.0(react@18.2.0)
      use-latest: 1.2.1(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@types/react'
    dev: false

  /react@18.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/3IjMdb2L9QbBdWiW5e3P2/npwMBaU9mHCSCUzNln0ZCYbcfTsGbTJrU/kGemdH2IWmB2ioZ+zkxtmq6g09fGQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      loose-envify: 1.4.0
    dev: false

  /read-cache@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Owdv/Ft7IjOgm/i0xvNDZ1LrRANRfew4b2prF3OWMQLxLfu3bS8FVhCsrSCMK4lR56Y9ya+AThoTpDCTxCmpRA==}
    dependencies:
      pify: 2.3.0
    dev: false

  /read-pkg-up@7.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zK0TB7Xd6JpCLmlLmufqykGE+/TlOePD6qKClNW7hHDKFh/J7/7gCWGR7joEQEW1bKq3a3yUZSObOoWLFQ4ohg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      find-up: 4.1.0
      read-pkg: 5.2.0
      type-fest: 0.8.1
    dev: true

  /read-pkg@5.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ug69mNOpfvKDAc2Q8DRpMjjzdtrnv9HcSMX+4VsZxD1aZ6ZzrIE7rlzXBtWTyhULSMKg076AW6WR5iZpD0JiOg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      '@types/normalize-package-data': 2.4.3
      normalize-package-data: 2.5.0
      parse-json: 5.2.0
      type-fest: 0.6.0
    dev: true

  /readable-stream@1.0.34:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ok1qVCJuRkNmvebYikljxJA/UEsKwLl2nI1OmaqAu4/UE+h0wKCHok4XkL/gvi39OacXvw59RJUOFUkDib2rHg==}
    dependencies:
      core-util-is: 1.0.3
      inherits: 2.0.4
      isarray: 0.0.1
      string_decoder: 0.10.31
    dev: false

  /readable-stream@1.1.14:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+MeVjFf4L44XUkhM1eYbD8fyEsxcV81pqMSR5gblfcLCHfZvbrqy4/qYHE+/R5HoBUT11WV5O08Cr1n3YXkWVQ==}
    dependencies:
      core-util-is: 1.0.3
      inherits: 2.0.4
      isarray: 0.0.1
      string_decoder: 0.10.31
    dev: false

  /readable-stream@2.3.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8p0AUk4XODgIewSi0l8Epjs+EVnWiK7NoDIEGU0HhE7+ZyY8D1IMY7odu5lRrFXGg71L15KG8QrPmum45RTtdA==}
    dependencies:
      core-util-is: 1.0.3
      inherits: 2.0.4
      isarray: 1.0.0
      process-nextick-args: 2.0.1
      safe-buffer: 5.1.2
      string_decoder: 1.1.1
      util-deprecate: 1.0.2
    dev: false

  /readable-stream@3.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BViHy7LKeTz4oNnkcLJ+lVSL6vpiFeX6/d3oSH8zCW7UxP2onchk+vTGB143xuFjHS3deTgkKoXXymXqymiIdA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      string_decoder: 1.3.0
      util-deprecate: 1.0.2
    dev: false

  /readable-stream@4.4.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Lk/fICSyIhodxy1IDK2HazkeGjSmezAWX2egdtJnYhtzKEsBPJowlI6F6LPb5tqIQILrMbx22S5o3GuJavPusA==}
    engines: {node: ^12.22.0 || ^14.17.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dependencies:
      abort-controller: 3.0.0
      buffer: 6.0.3
      events: 3.3.0
      process: 0.11.10
      string_decoder: 1.3.0
    dev: false

  /readdirp@3.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hOS089on8RduqdbhvQ5Z37A0ESjsqz6qnRcffsMU3495FuTdqSm+7bhJ29JvIOsBDEEnan5DPu9t3To9VRlMzA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.10.0'}
    dependencies:
      picomatch: 2.3.1

  /real-require@0.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-r/H9MzAWtrv8aSVjPCMFpDMl5q66GqtmmRkRjpHTsp4zBAa+snZyiQNlMONiUmEJcsnaw0wCauJ2GWODr/aFkg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 12.13.0'}
    dev: false

  /real-require@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-57frrGM/OCTLqLOAh0mhVA9VBMHd+9U7Zb2THMGdBUoZVOtGbJzjxsYGDJ3A9AYYCP4hn6y1TVbaOfzWtm5GFg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 12.13.0'}
    dev: false

  /reduce-flatten@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EJ4UNY/U1t2P/2k6oqotuX2Cc3T6nxJwsM0N0asT7dhrtH1ltUxDn4NalSYmPE2rCkVpcf/X6R0wDwcFpzhd4w==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}

  /reflect.getprototypeof@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ECkTw8TmJwW60lOTR+ZkODISW6RQ8+2CL3COqtiJKLd6MmB45hN51HprHFziKLGkAuTGQhBb91V8cy+KHlaCjw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      globalthis: 1.0.3
      which-builtin-type: 1.1.3
    dev: true

  /regenerator-runtime@0.14.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-srw17NI0TUWHuGa5CFGGmhfNIeja30WMBfbslPNhf6JrqQlLN5gcrvig1oqPxiVaXb0oW0XRKtH6Nngs5lKCIA==}

  /regexp-tree@0.1.27:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-iETxpjK6YoRWJG5o6hXLwvjYAoW+FEZn9os0PD/b6AP6xQwsa/Y7lCVgIixBbUPMfhu+i2LtdeAqVTgGlQarfA==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: true

  /regexp.prototype.flags@1.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sy6TXMN+hnP/wMy+ISxg3krXx7BAtWVO4UouuCN/ziM9UEne0euamVNafDfvC83bRNr95y0V5iijeDQFUNpvrg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      set-function-name: 2.0.1
    dev: true

  /regjsparser@0.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qx+xQGZVsy55CH0a1hiVwHmqjLryfh7wQyF5HO07XJ9f7dQMY/gPQHhlyDkIzJKC+x2fUCpCcUODUUUFrm7SHA==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      jsesc: 0.5.0
    dev: true

  /request@2.88.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MsvtOrfG9ZcrOwAW+Qi+F6HbD0CWXEh9ou77uOb7FM2WPhwT7smM833PzanhJLsgXjN89Ir6V2PczXNnMpwKhw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 6'}
    deprecated: request has been deprecated, see https://github.com/request/request/issues/3142
    dependencies:
      aws-sign2: 0.7.0
      aws4: 1.12.0
      caseless: 0.12.0
      combined-stream: 1.0.8
      extend: 3.0.2
      forever-agent: 0.6.1
      form-data: 2.3.3
      har-validator: 5.1.5
      http-signature: 1.2.0
      is-typedarray: 1.0.0
      isstream: 0.1.2
      json-stringify-safe: 5.0.1
      mime-types: 2.1.35
      oauth-sign: 0.9.0
      performance-now: 2.1.0
      qs: 6.5.3
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
      tough-cookie: 2.5.0
      tunnel-agent: 0.6.0
      uuid: 3.4.0
    dev: false

  /require-directory@2.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fGxEI7+wsG9xrvdjsrlmL22OMTTiHRwAMroiEeMgq8gzoLC/PQr7RsRDSTLUg/bZAZtF+TVIkHc6/4RIKrui+Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}

  /require-from-string@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Xf0nWe6RseziFMu+Ap9biiUbmplq6S9/p+7w7YXP/JBHhrUDDUhwa+vANyubuqfZWTveU//DYVGsDG7RKL/vEw==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /require-main-filename@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NKN5kMDylKuldxYLSUfrbo5Tuzh4hd+2E8NPPX02mZtn1VuREQToYe/ZdlJy+J3uCpfaiGF05e7B8W0iXbQHmg==}
    dev: false

  /resolve-alpn@1.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0a1F4l73/ZFZOakJnQ3FvkJ2+gSTQWz/r2KE5OdDY0TxPm5h4GkqkWWfM47T7HsbnOtcJVEF4epCVy6u7Q3K+g==}
    dev: false

  /resolve-from@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pb/MYmXstAkysRFx8piNI1tGFNQIFA3vkE3Gq4EuA1dF6gHp/+vgZqsCGJapvy8N3Q+4o7FwvquPJcnZ7RYy4g==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: true

  /resolve-pkg-maps@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-seS2Tj26TBVOC2NIc2rOe2y2ZO7efxITtLZcGSOnHHNOQ7CkiUBfw0Iw2ck6xkIhPwLhKNLS8BO+hEpngQlqzw==}
    dev: true

  /resolve@1.22.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oKWePCxqpd6FlLvGV1VU0x7bkPmmCNolxzjMf4NczoDnQcIWrAF+cPtZn5i6n+RfD2d9i0tzpKnG6Yk168yIyw==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      is-core-module: 2.13.1
      path-parse: 1.0.7
      supports-preserve-symlinks-flag: 1.0.0

  /resolve@2.0.0-next.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-U7WjGVG9sH8tvjW5SmGbQuui75FiyjAX72HX15DwBBwF9dNiQZRQAg9nnPhYy+TUnE0+VcrttuvNI8oSxZcocA==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      is-core-module: 2.13.1
      path-parse: 1.0.7
      supports-preserve-symlinks-flag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /responselike@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4gl03wn3hj1HP3yzgdI7d3lCkF95F21Pz4BPGvKHinyQzALR5CapwC8yIi0Rh58DEMQ/SguC03wFj2k0M/mHhw==}
    dependencies:
      lowercase-keys: 2.0.0
    dev: false

  /ret@0.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-M0b3YWQs7R3Z917WRQy1HHA7Ba7D8hvZg6UE5mLykJxQVE2ju0IXbGlaHPPlkY+WN7wFP+wUMXmBFA0aV6vYGQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: false

  /reusify@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-U9nH88a3fc/ekCF1l0/UP1IosiuIjyTh7hBvXVMHYgVcfGvt897Xguj2UOLDeI5BG2m7/uwyaLVT6fbtCwTyzw==}
    engines: {iojs: '>=1.0.0', node: '>=0.10.0'}

  /rfdc@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-V2hovdzFbOi77/WajaSMXk2OLm+xNIeQdMMuB7icj7bk6zi2F8GGAxigcnDFpJHbNyNcgyJDiP+8nOrY5cZGrA==}
    dev: false

  /rimraf@3.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JZkJMZkAGFFPP2YqXZXPbMlMBgsxzE8ILs4lMIX/2o0L9UBw9O/Y3o6wFw/i9YLapcUJWwqbi3kdxIPdC62TIA==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      glob: 7.1.7
    dev: true

  /ripemd160@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ii4iagi25WusVoiC4B4lq7pbXfAp3D9v5CwfkY33vffw2+pkDjY1D8GaN7spsxvCSx8dkPqOZCEZyfxcmJG2IA==}
    dependencies:
      hash-base: 3.1.0
      inherits: 2.0.4
    dev: false

  /rlp@2.2.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-d5gdPmgQ0Z+AklL2NVXr/IoSjNZFfTVvQWzL/AM2AOcSzYP2xjlb0AC8YyCLc41MSNf6P6QVtjgPdmVtzb+4lQ==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /rollup@3.29.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-oWzmBZwvYrU0iJHtDmhsm662rC15FRXmcjCk1xD771dFDx5jJ02ufAQQTn0etB2emNk4J9EZg/yWKpsn9BWGRw==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.18.0', npm: '>=8.0.0'}
    hasBin: true
    optionalDependencies:
      fsevents: 2.3.2
    dev: true

  /rpc-websockets@7.6.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MmRGaJJvxTHSRxYPjJJqcj2zWnCetw7YbYbKlD0Yc7qVw6PsZhRJg1MI3mpWlpBs+4zO+urlNfLl9zLsdOD/gA==}
    dependencies:
      '@babel/runtime': 7.23.2
      eventemitter3: 4.0.7
      uuid: 8.3.2
      ws: 8.13.0(bufferutil@4.0.7)(utf-8-validate@5.0.10)
    optionalDependencies:
      bufferutil: 4.0.7
      utf-8-validate: 5.0.10
    dev: false

  /run-applescript@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XcT5rBksx1QdIhlFOCtgZkB99ZEouFZ1E2Kc2LHqNW13U3/74YGdkQRmThTwxy4QIyookibDKYZOPqX//6BlAg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      execa: 5.1.1
    dev: true

  /run-parallel@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5l4VyZR86LZ/lDxZTR6jqL8AFE2S0IFLMP26AbjsLVADxHdhB/c0GUsH+y39UfCi3dzz8OlQuPmnaJOMoDHQBA==}
    dependencies:
      queue-microtask: 1.2.3

  /rustbn.js@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4VlvkRUuCJvr2J6Y0ImW7NvTCriMi7ErOAqWk1y69vAdoNIzCF3yPmgeNzx+RQTLEDFq5sHfscn1MwHxP9hNfA==}
    dev: false

  /rxjs@6.6.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hTdwr+7yYNIT5n4AMYp85KA6yw2Va0FLa3Rguvbpa4W3I5xynaBZo41cM3XM+4Q6fRMj3sBYIR1VAmZMXYJvRQ==}
    engines: {npm: '>=2.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      tslib: 1.14.1
    dev: false

  /rxjs@7.8.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AA3TVj+0A2iuIoQkWEK/tqFjBq2j+6PO6Y0zJcvzLAFhEFIO3HL0vls9hWLncZbAAbK0mar7oZ4V079I/qPMxg==}
    dependencies:
      tslib: 2.4.1
    dev: true

  /safe-array-concat@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6XbUAseYE2KtOuGueyeobCySj9L4+66Tn6KQMOPQJrAJEowYKW/YR/MGJZl7FdydUdaFu4LYyDZjxf4/Nmo23Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      isarray: 2.0.5
    dev: true

  /safe-buffer@5.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Gd2UZBJDkXlY7GbJxfsE8/nvKkUEU1G38c1siN6QP6a9PT9MmHB8GnpscSmMJSoF8LOIrt8ud/wPtojys4G6+g==}
    dev: false

  /safe-buffer@5.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rp3So07KcdmmKbGvgaNxQSJr7bGVSVk5S9Eq1F+ppbRo70+YeaDxkw5Dd8NPN+GD6bjnYm2VuPuCXmpuYvmCXQ==}
    dev: false

  /safe-event-emitter@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-e1wFe99A91XYYxoQbcq2ZJUWurxEyP8vfz7A7vuUe1s95q8r5ebraVaA1BukYJcpM6V16ugWoD9vngi8Ccu5fg==}
    deprecated: Renamed to @metamask/safe-event-emitter
    dependencies:
      events: 3.3.0
    dev: false

  /safe-json-utils@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-SAJWGKDs50tAbiDXLf89PDwt9XYkWyANFWVzn4dTXl5QyI8t2o/bW5/OJl3lvc2WVU4MEpTo9Yz5NVFNsp+OJQ==}
    dev: false

  /safe-regex-test@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JBUUzyOgEwXQY1NuPtvcj/qcBDbDmEvWufhlnXZIm75DEHp+afM1r1ujJpJsV/gSM4t59tpDyPi1sd6ZaPFfsA==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      is-regex: 1.1.4
    dev: true

  /safe-regex2@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PaUSFsUaNNuKwkBijoAPHAK6/eM6VirvyPWlZ7BAQy4D+hCvh4B6lIG+nPdhbFfIbP+gTGBcrdsOaUs0F+ZBOQ==}
    dependencies:
      ret: 0.2.2
    dev: false

  /safe-stable-stringify@2.4.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-e2bDA2WJT0wxseVd4lsDP4+3ONX6HpMXQa1ZhFQ7SU+GjvORCmShbCMltrtIDfkYhVHrOcPtj+KhmDBdPdZD1g==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: false

  /safer-buffer@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YZo3K82SD7Riyi0E1EQPojLz7kpepnSQI9IyPbHHg1XXXevb5dJI7tpyN2ADxGcQbHG7vcyRHk0cbwqcQriUtg==}
    dev: false

  /scheduler@0.23.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-CtuThmgHNg7zIZWAXi3AsyIzA3n4xx7aNyjwC2VJldO2LMVDhFK+63xGqq6CsJH4rTAt6/M+N4GhZiDYPx9eUw==}
    dependencies:
      loose-envify: 1.4.0
    dev: false

  /scrypt-js@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cdwTTnqPu0Hyvf5in5asVdZocVDTNRmR7XEcJuIzMjJeSHybHl7vpB66AzwTaIg6CLSbtjcxc8fqcySfnTkccA==}
    dev: false

  /secp256k1@4.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NLZVf+ROMxwtEj3Xa562qgv2BK5e2WNmXPiOdVIPLgs6lyTzMvBq0aWTYMI5XCP9jZMVKOcqZLw/Wc4vDkuxhA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      elliptic: 6.5.4
      node-addon-api: 2.0.2
      node-gyp-build: 4.5.0
    dev: false

  /secure-json-parse@2.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6aU+Rwsezw7VR8/nyvKTx8QpWH9FrcYiXXlqC4z5d5XQBDRqtbfsRjnwGyqbi3gddNtWHuEk9OANUotL26qKUw==}
    dev: false

  /semaphore@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-O4OZEaNtkMd/K0i6js9SL+gqy0ZCBMgUvlSqHKi4IBdjhe7wB8pwztUk1BbZ1fmrvpwFrPbHzqd2w5pTcJH6LA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8.0'}
    dev: false

  /semver@5.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WfG/X9+oATh81XtllIo/I8gOiY9EXRdv1cQdyykeXK17YcUW3EXUAi2To4pcH6nZtJPr7ZOpM5OMyWJZm+8Rsg==}
    hasBin: true

  /semver@6.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BR7VvDCVHO+q2xBEWskxS6DJE1qRnb7DxzUrogb71CWoSficBxYsiAGd+Kl0mmq/MprG9yArRkyrQxTO6XjMzA==}
    hasBin: true

  /semver@7.5.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1bCSESV6Pv+i21Hvpxp3Dx+pSD8lIPt8uVjRrxAUt/nbswYc+tK6Y2btiULjd4+fnq15PX+nqQDC7Oft7WkwcA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      lru-cache: 6.0.0

  /send@0.18.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qqWzuOjSFOuqPjFe4NOsMLafToQQwBSOEpS+FwEt3A2V3vKubTquT3vmLTQpFgMXp8AlFWFuP1qKaJZOtPpVXg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8.0'}
    dependencies:
      debug: 2.6.9
      depd: 2.0.0
      destroy: 1.2.0
      encodeurl: 1.0.2
      escape-html: 1.0.3
      etag: 1.8.1
      fresh: 0.5.2
      http-errors: 2.0.0
      mime: 1.6.0
      ms: 2.1.3
      on-finished: 2.4.1
      range-parser: 1.2.1
      statuses: 2.0.1
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /serve-static@1.15.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XGuRDNjXUijsUL0vl6nSD7cwURuzEgglbOaFuZM9g3kwDXOWVTck0jLzjPzGD+TazWbboZYu52/9/XPdUgne9g==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8.0'}
    dependencies:
      encodeurl: 1.0.2
      escape-html: 1.0.3
      parseurl: 1.3.3
      send: 0.18.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /servify@0.1.12:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/xE6GvsKKqyo1BAY+KxOWXcLpPsUUyji7Qg3bVD7hh1eRze5bR1uYiuDA/k3Gof1s9BTzQZEJK8sNcNGFIzeWw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      body-parser: 1.20.2
      cors: 2.8.5
      express: 4.18.2
      request: 2.88.2
      xhr: 2.6.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /set-blocking@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KiKBS8AnWGEyLzofFfmvKwpdPzqiy16LvQfK3yv/fVH7Bj13/wl3JSR1J+rfgRE9q7xUJK4qvgS8raSOeLUehw==}
    dev: false

  /set-cookie-parser@2.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RVnVQxTXuerk653XfuliOxBP81Sf0+qfQE73LIYKcyMYHG94AuH0kgrQpRDuTZnSmjpysHmzxJXKNfa6PjFhyQ==}
    dev: false

  /set-function-length@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VoaqjbBJKiWtg4yRcKBQ7g7wnGnLV3M8oLvVWwOk2PdYY6PEFegR1vezXR0tw6fZGF9csVakIRjrJiy2veSBFQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      define-data-property: 1.1.1
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      gopd: 1.0.1
      has-property-descriptors: 1.0.1
    dev: true

  /set-function-name@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tMNCiqYVkXIZgc2Hnoy2IvC/f8ezc5koaRFkCjrpWzGpCd3qbZXPzVy9MAZzK1ch/X0jvSkojys3oqJN0qCmdA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      define-data-property: 1.1.1
      functions-have-names: 1.2.3
      has-property-descriptors: 1.0.1
    dev: true

  /set-immediate-shim@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Li5AOqrZWCVA2n5kryzEmqai6bKSIvpz5oUJHPVj6+dsbD3X1ixtsY5tEnsaNpH3pFAHmG8eIHUrtEtohrg+UQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /setimmediate@1.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MATJdZp8sLqDl/68LfQmbP8zKPLQNV6BIZoIgrscFDQ+RsvK/BxeDQOgyxKKoh0y/8h3BqVFnCqQ/gd+reiIXA==}
    dev: false

  /setprototypeof@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-E5LDX7Wrp85Kil5bhZv46j8jOeboKq5JMmYM3gVGdGH8xFpPWXUMsNrlODCrkoxMEeNi/XZIwuRvY4XNwYMJpw==}
    dev: false

  /sha.js@2.4.11:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QMEp5B7cftE7APOjk5Y6xgrbWu+WkLVQwk8JNjZ8nKRciZaByEW6MubieAiToS7+dwvrjGhH8jRXz3MVd0AYqQ==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /shebang-command@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kHxr2zZpYtdmrN1qDjrrX/Z1rR1kG8Dx+gkpK1G4eXmvXswmcE1hTWBWYUzlraYw1/yZp6YuDY77YtvbN0dmDA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      shebang-regex: 3.0.0
    dev: true

  /shebang-regex@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7++dFhtcx3353uBaq8DDR4NuxBetBzC7ZQOhmTQInHEd6bSrXdiEyzCvG07Z44UYdLShWUyXt5M/yhz8ekcb1A==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /shell-quote@1.8.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6j1W9l1iAs/4xYBI1SYOVZyFcCis9b4KCLQ8fgAGG07QvzaRLVVRQvAy85yNmmZSjYjg4MWh4gNvlPujU/5LpA==}
    dev: true

  /side-channel@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-q5XPytqFEIKHkGdiMIrY10mvLRvnQh42/+GoBlFW3b2LXLE2xxJpZFdm94we0BaoV3RwJyGqg5wS7epxTv0Zvw==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      get-intrinsic: 1.1.3
      object-inspect: 1.12.2

  /signal-exit@3.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wnD2ZE+l+SPC/uoS0vXeE9L1+0wuaMqKlfz9AMUo38JsyLSBWSFcHR1Rri62LZc12vLr1gb3jl7iwQhgwpAbGQ==}
    dev: true

  /simple-concat@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cSFtAPtRhljv69IK0hTVZQ+OfE9nePi/rtJmw5UjHeVyVroEqJXP1sFztKUy1qU+xvz3u/sfYJLa947b7nAN2Q==}
    dev: false

  /simple-get@2.8.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ijd/rV5o+mSBBs4F/x9oDPtTx9Zb6X9brmnXvMW4J7IR15ngi9q5xxqWBKU744jTZiaXtxaPL7uHG6vtN8kUkw==}
    dependencies:
      decompress-response: 3.3.0
      once: 1.4.0
      simple-concat: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /simple-update-notifier@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-a2B9Y0KlNXl9u/vsW6sTIu9vGEpfKu2wRV6l1H3XEas/0gUIzGzBoP/IouTcUQbm9JWZLH3COxyn03TYlFax6w==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      semver: 7.5.4
    dev: true

  /siwe@2.1.4(ethers@6.8.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Dke1Qqa3mgiLm3vjqw/+SQ7dl8WV/Pfk3AlQBF94cBFydTYhztngqYrikzE3X5UTsJ6565dfVbQptszsuYZNYg==}
    peerDependencies:
      ethers: ^5.6.8 || ^6.0.8
    dependencies:
      '@spruceid/siwe-parser': 2.0.2
      '@stablelib/random': 1.0.2
      ethers: 6.8.0
      uri-js: 4.4.1
      valid-url: 1.0.9
    dev: false

  /slash@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-g9Q1haeby36OSStwb4ntCGGGaKsaVSjQ68fBxoQcutl5fS1vuY18H3wSt3jFyFtrkx+Kz0V1G85A4MyAdDMi2Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /solidity-bytes-utils@0.8.0(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-r109ZHEf7zTMm1ENW6/IJFDWilFR/v0BZnGuFgDHJUV80ByobnV2k3txvwQaJ9ApL+6XAfwqsw5VFzjALbQPCw==}
    dependencies:
      '@truffle/hdwallet-provider': 2.1.15(@babel/core@7.23.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@babel/core'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /sonic-boom@2.8.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kuonw1YOYYNOve5iHdSahXPOK49GqwA+LZhI6Wz/l0rP57iKyXXIHaRagOBHAPmGwJC6od2Z9zgvZ5loSgMlVg==}
    dependencies:
      atomic-sleep: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /sonic-boom@3.7.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-IudtNvSqA/ObjN97tfgNmOKyDOs4dNcg4cUUsHDebqsgb8wGBBwb31LIgShNO8fye0dFI52X1+tFoKKI6Rq1Gg==}
    dependencies:
      atomic-sleep: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /source-map-js@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-R0XvVJ9WusLiqTCEiGCmICCMplcCkIwwR11mOSD9CR5u+IXYdiseeEuXCVAjS54zqwkLcPNnmU4OeJ6tUrWhDw==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}

  /spawn-command@0.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zC8zGoGkmc8J9ndvml8Xksr1Amk9qBujgbF0JAIWO7kXr43w0h/0GJNM/Vustixu+YE8N/MTrQ7N31FvHUACxQ==}
    dev: true

  /spdx-correct@3.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kN9dJbvnySHULIluDHy32WHRUu3Og7B9sbY7tsFLctQkIqnMh3hErYgdMjTYuqmcXX+lK5T1lnUt3G7zNswmZA==}
    dependencies:
      spdx-expression-parse: 3.0.1
      spdx-license-ids: 3.0.16
    dev: true

  /spdx-exceptions@2.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/tTrYOC7PPI1nUAgx34hUpqXuyJG+DTHJTnIULG4rDygi4xu/tfgmq1e1cIRwRzwZgo4NLySi+ricLkZkw4i5A==}
    dev: true

  /spdx-expression-parse@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cbqHunsQWnJNE6KhVSMsMeH5H/L9EpymbzqTQ3uLwNCLZ1Q481oWaofqH7nO6V07xlXwY6PhQdQ2IedWx/ZK4Q==}
    dependencies:
      spdx-exceptions: 2.3.0
      spdx-license-ids: 3.0.16
    dev: true

  /spdx-license-ids@3.0.16:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eWN+LnM3GR6gPu35WxNgbGl8rmY1AEmoMDvL/QD6zYmPWgywxWqJWNdLGT+ke8dKNWrcYgYjPpG5gbTfghP8rw==}
    dev: true

  /split-on-first@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-43ZssAJaMusuKWL8sKUBQXHWOpq8d6CfN/u1p4gUzfJkM05C8rxTmYrkIPTXapZpORA6LkkzcUulJ8FqA7Uudw==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: false

  /split2@4.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UcjcJOWknrNkF6PLX83qcHM6KHgVKNkV62Y8a5uYDVv9ydGQVwAHMKqHdJje1VTWpljG0WYpCDhrCdAOYH4TWg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 10.x'}
    dev: false

  /sshpk@1.18.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2p2KJZTSqQ/I3+HX42EpYOa2l3f8Erv8MWKsy2I9uf4wA7yFIkXRffYdsx86y6z4vHtV8u7g+pPlr8/4ouAxsQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      asn1: 0.2.6
      assert-plus: 1.0.0
      bcrypt-pbkdf: 1.0.2
      dashdash: 1.14.1
      ecc-jsbn: 0.1.2
      getpass: 0.1.7
      jsbn: 0.1.1
      safer-buffer: 2.1.2
      tweetnacl: 0.14.5
    dev: false

  /statuses@2.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RwNA9Z/7PrK06rYLIzFMlaF+l73iwpzsqRIFgbMLbTcLD6cOao82TaWefPXQvB2fOC4AjuYSEndS7N/mTCbkdQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dev: false

  /stream-browserify@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-H73RAHsVBapbim0tU2JwwOiXUj+fikfiaoYAKHF3VJfA0pe2BCzkhAHBlLG6REzE+2WNZcxOXjK7lkso+9euLA==}
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      readable-stream: 3.6.0
    dev: false

  /stream-shift@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AiisoFqQ0vbGcZgQPY1cdP2I76glaVA/RauYR4G4thNFgkTqr90yXTo4LYX60Jl+sIlPNHHdGSwo01AvbKUSVQ==}
    dev: false

  /strict-uri-encode@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-R3f198pcvnB+5IpnBlRkphuE9n46WyVl8I39W/ZUTZLz4nqSP/oLYUrcnJrw462Ds8he4YKMov2efsTIw1BDGQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /strict-uri-encode@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QwiXZgpRcKkhTj2Scnn++4PKtWsH0kpzZ62L2R6c/LUVYv7hVnZqcg2+sMuT6R7Jusu1vviK/MFsu6kNJfWlEQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: false

  /string-format@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bbEs3scLeYNXLecRRuk6uJxdXUSj6le/8rNPHChIJTn2V79aXVTR1EH2OH5zLKKoz0V02fOUKZZcw01pLUShZA==}

  /string-width@4.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wKyQRQpjJ0sIp62ErSZdGsjMJWsap5oRNihHhu6G7JVO/9jIB6UyevL+tXuOqrng8j/cxKTWyWUwvSTriiZz/g==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      emoji-regex: 8.0.0
      is-fullwidth-code-point: 3.0.0
      strip-ansi: 6.0.1

  /string.prototype.matchall@4.0.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rGXbGmOEosIQi6Qva94HUjgPs9vKW+dkG7Y8Q5O2OYkWL6wFaTRZO8zM4mhP94uX55wgyrXzfS2aGtGzUL7EJQ==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      internal-slot: 1.0.6
      regexp.prototype.flags: 1.5.1
      set-function-name: 2.0.1
      side-channel: 1.0.4
    dev: true

  /string.prototype.trim@1.2.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lfjY4HcixfQXOfaqCvcBuOIapyaroTXhbkfJN3gcB1OtyupngWK4sEET9Knd0cXd28kTUqu/kHoV4HKSJdnjiQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
    dev: true

  /string.prototype.trimend@1.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ni79DqeB72ZFq1uH/L6zJ+DKZTkOtPIHovb3YZHQViE+HDouuU4mBrLOLDn5Dde3RF8qw5qVETEjhu9locMLvA==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
    dev: true

  /string.prototype.trimstart@1.0.7:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NGhtDFu3jCEm7B4Fy0DpLewdJQOZcQ0rGbwQ/+stjnrp2i+rlKeCvos9hOIeCmqwratM47OBxY7uFZzjxHXmrg==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      define-properties: 1.2.1
      es-abstract: 1.22.3
    dev: true

  /string_decoder@0.10.31:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ev2QzSzWPYmy9GuqfIVildA4OdcGLeFZQrq5ys6RtiuF+RQQiZWr8TZNyAcuVXyQRYfEO+MsoB/1BuQVhOJuoQ==}
    dev: false

  /string_decoder@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-n/ShnvDi6FHbbVfviro+WojiFzv+s8MPMHBczVePfUpDJLwoLT0ht1l4YwBCbi8pJAveEEdnkHyPyTP/mzRfwg==}
    dependencies:
      safe-buffer: 5.1.2
    dev: false

  /string_decoder@1.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-hkRX8U1WjJFd8LsDJ2yQ/wWWxaopEsABU1XfkM8A+j0+85JAGppt16cr1Whg6KIbb4okU6Mql6BOj+uup/wKeA==}
    dependencies:
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /strip-ansi@6.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Y38VPSHcqkFrCpFnQ9vuSXmquuv5oXOKpGeT6aGrr3o3Gc9AlVa6JBfUSOCnbxGGZF+/0ooI7KrPuUSztUdU5A==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      ansi-regex: 5.0.1

  /strip-bom@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vavAMRXOgBVNF6nyEEmL3DBK19iRpDcoIwW+swQ+CbGiu7lju6t+JklA1MHweoWtadgt4ISVUsXLyDq34ddcwA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dev: true

  /strip-final-newline@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BrpvfNAE3dcvq7ll3xVumzjKjZQ5tI1sEUIKr3Uoks0XUl45St3FlatVqef9prk4jRDzhW6WZg+3bk93y6pLjA==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: true

  /strip-final-newline@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dOESqjYr96iWYylGObzd39EuNTa5VJxyvVAEm5Jnh7KGo75V43Hk1odPQkNDyXNmUR6k+gEiDVXnjB8HJ3crXw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: true

  /strip-hex-prefix@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-q8d4ue7JGEiVcypji1bALTos+0pWtyGlivAWyPuTkHzuTCJqrK9sWxYQZUq6Nq3cuyv3bm734IhHvHtGGURU6A==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.5.0', npm: '>=3'}
    dependencies:
      is-hex-prefixed: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /strip-indent@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-laJTa3Jb+VQpaC6DseHhF7dXVqHTfJPCRDaEbid/drOhgitgYku/letMUqOXFoWV0zIIUbjpdH2t+tYj4bQMRQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      min-indent: 1.0.1
    dev: true

  /strip-json-comments@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6fPc+R4ihwqP6N/aIv2f1gMH8lOVtWQHoqC4yK6oSDVVocumAsfCqjkXnqiYMhmMwS/mEHLp7Vehlt3ql6lEig==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /sucrase@3.34.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-70/LQEZ07TEcxiU2dz51FKaE6hCTWC6vr7FOk3Gr0U60C3shtAN+H+BFr9XlYe5xqf3RA8nrc+VIwzCfnxuXJw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      '@jridgewell/gen-mapping': 0.3.2
      commander: 4.1.1
      glob: 7.1.6
      lines-and-columns: 1.2.4
      mz: 2.7.0
      pirates: 4.0.6
      ts-interface-checker: 0.1.13
    dev: false

  /superstruct@0.14.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nPewA6m9mR3d6k7WkZ8N8zpTWfenFH3q9pA2PkuiZxINr9DKB2+40wEQf0ixn8VaGuJ78AB6iWOtStI+/4FKZQ==}
    dev: false

  /superstruct@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8iTn3oSS8nRGn+C2pgXSKPI3jmpm6FExNazNpjvqS6ZUJQCej3PUXEKM8NjHBOs54ExM+LPW/FBRhymrdcCiSg==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    dev: false

  /supports-color@5.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QjVjwdXIt408MIiAqCX4oUKsgU2EqAGzs2Ppkm4aQYbjm+ZEWEcW4SfFNTr4uMNZma0ey4f5lgLrkB0aX0QMow==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}
    dependencies:
      has-flag: 3.0.0

  /supports-color@7.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qpCAvRl9stuOHveKsn7HncJRvv501qIacKzQlO/+Lwxc9+0q2wLyv4Dfvt80/DPn2pqOBsJdDiogXGR9+OvwRw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      has-flag: 4.0.0

  /supports-color@8.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MpUEN2OodtUzxvKQl72cUF7RQ5EiHsGvSsVG0ia9c5RbWGL2CI4C7EpPS8UTBIplnlzZiNuV56w+FuNxy3ty2Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      has-flag: 4.0.0
    dev: true

  /supports-preserve-symlinks-flag@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ot0WnXS9fgdkgIcePe6RHNk1WA8+muPa6cSjeR3V8K27q9BB1rTE3R1p7Hv0z1ZyAc8s6Vvv8DIyWf681MAt0w==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}

  /swarm-js@0.1.42:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BV7c/dVlA3R6ya1lMlSSNPLYrntt0LUq4YMgy3iwpCIc6rZnS5W2wUoctarZ5pXlpKtxDDf9hNziEkcfrxdhqQ==}
    dependencies:
      bluebird: 3.7.2
      buffer: 5.7.1
      eth-lib: 0.1.29
      fs-extra: 4.0.3
      got: 11.8.6
      mime-types: 2.1.35
      mkdirp-promise: 5.0.1
      mock-fs: 4.14.0
      setimmediate: 1.0.5
      tar: 4.4.19
      xhr-request: 1.1.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /synckit@0.8.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-L1dapNV6vu2s/4Sputv8xGsCdAVlb5nRDMFU/E27D44l5U6cw1g0dGd45uLc+OXjNMmF4ntiMdCimzcjFKQI8Q==}
    engines: {node: ^14.18.0 || >=16.0.0}
    dependencies:
      '@pkgr/utils': 2.4.2
      tslib: 2.6.2
    dev: true

  /table-layout@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-qd/R7n5rQTRFi+Zf2sk5XVVd9UQl6ZkduPFC3S7WEGJAmetDTjY3qPN50eSKzwuzEyQKy5TN2TiZdkIjos2L6A==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      array-back: 4.0.2
      deep-extend: 0.6.0
      typical: 5.2.0
      wordwrapjs: 4.0.1

  /tailwindcss@3.3.5(ts-node@10.9.1):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5SEZU4J7pxZgSkv7FP1zY8i2TIAOooNZ1e/OGtxIEv6GltpoiXUqWvLy89+a10qYTB1N5Ifkuw9lqQkN9sscvA==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.0.0'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      '@alloc/quick-lru': 5.2.0
      arg: 5.0.2
      chokidar: 3.5.3
      didyoumean: 1.2.2
      dlv: 1.1.3
      fast-glob: 3.3.1
      glob-parent: 6.0.2
      is-glob: 4.0.3
      jiti: 1.20.0
      lilconfig: 2.1.0
      micromatch: 4.0.5
      normalize-path: 3.0.0
      object-hash: 3.0.0
      picocolors: 1.0.0
      postcss: 8.4.31
      postcss-import: 15.1.0(postcss@8.4.31)
      postcss-js: 4.0.1(postcss@8.4.31)
      postcss-load-config: 4.0.1(postcss@8.4.31)(ts-node@10.9.1)
      postcss-nested: 6.0.1(postcss@8.4.31)
      postcss-selector-parser: 6.0.13
      resolve: 1.22.8
      sucrase: 3.34.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - ts-node
    dev: false

  /tapable@2.2.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GNzQvQTOIP6RyTfE2Qxb8ZVlNmw0n88vp1szwWRimP02mnTsx3Wtn5qRdqY9w2XduFNUgvOwhNnQsjwCp+kqaQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dev: true

  /tar@4.4.19:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-a20gEsvHnWe0ygBY8JbxoM4w3SJdhc7ZAuxkLqh+nvNQN2IOt0B5lLgM490X5Hl8FF0dl0tOf2ewFYAlIFgzVA==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.5'}
    dependencies:
      chownr: 1.1.4
      fs-minipass: 1.2.7
      minipass: 2.9.0
      minizlib: 1.3.3
      mkdirp: 0.5.6
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
      yallist: 3.1.1
    dev: false

  /text-encoding-utf-8@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8bw4MY9WjdsD2aMtO0OzOCY3pXGYNx2d2FfHRVUKkiCPDWjKuOlhLVASS+pD7VkLTVjW268LYJHwsnPFlBpbAg==}
    dev: false

  /text-table@0.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-N+8UisAXDGk8PFXP4HAzVR9nbfmVJ3zYLAWiTIoqC5v5isinhr+r5uaO8+7r3BMfuNIufIsA7RdpVgacC2cSpw==}
    dev: true

  /thenify-all@1.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RNxQH/qI8/t3thXJDwcstUO4zeqo64+Uy/+sNVRBx4Xn2OX+OZ9oP+iJnNFqplFra2ZUVeKCSa2oVWi3T4uVmA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8'}
    dependencies:
      thenify: 3.3.1
    dev: false

  /thenify@3.3.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RVZSIV5IG10Hk3enotrhvz0T9em6cyHBLkH/YAZuKqd8hRkKhSfCGIcP2KUY0EPxndzANBmNllzWPwak+bheSw==}
    dependencies:
      any-promise: 1.3.0
    dev: false

  /thread-stream@0.15.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UkEhKIg2pD+fjkHQKyJO3yoIvAP3N6RlNFt2dUhcS1FGvCD1cQa1M/PGknCLFIyZdtJOWQjejp7bdNqmN7zwdA==}
    dependencies:
      real-require: 0.1.0
    dev: false

  /thread-stream@2.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-d/Ex2iWd1whipbT681JmTINKw0ZwOUBZm7+Gjs64DHuX34mmw8vJL2bFAaNacaW72zYiTJxSHi5abUuOi5nsfg==}
    dependencies:
      real-require: 0.2.0
    dev: false

  /through@2.3.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-w89qg7PI8wAdvX60bMDP+bFoD5Dvhm9oLheFp5O4a2QF0cSBGsBX4qZmadPMvVqlLJBBci+WqGGOAPvcDeNSVg==}
    dev: false

  /timed-out@4.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-G7r3AhovYtr5YKOWQkta8RKAPb+J9IsO4uVmzjl8AZwfhs8UcUwTiD6gcJYSgOtzyjvQKrKYn41syHbUWMkafA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.0'}
    dev: false

  /titleize@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KxVu8EYHDPBdUYdKZdKtU2aj2XfEx9AfjXxE/Aj0vT06w2icA09Vus1rh6eSu1y01akYg6BjIK/hxyLJINoMLQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: true

  /to-fast-properties@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/OaKK0xYrs3DmxRYqL/yDc+FxFUVYhDlXMhRmv3z915w2HF1tnN1omB354j8VUGO/hbRzyD6Y3sA7v7GS/ceog==}
    engines: {node: '>=4'}

  /to-regex-range@5.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-65P7iz6X5yEr1cwcgvQxbbIw7Uk3gOy5dIdtZ4rDveLqhrdJP+Li/Hx6tyK0NEb+2GCyneCMJiGqrADCSNk8sQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0'}
    dependencies:
      is-number: 7.0.0

  /toad-cache@3.3.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3oDzcogWGHZdkwrHyvJVpPjA7oNzY6ENOV3PsWJY9XYPZ6INo94Yd47s5may1U+nleBPwDhrRiTPMIvKaa3MQg==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: false

  /toggle-selection@1.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BiZS+C1OS8g/q2RRbJmy59xpyghNBqrr6k5L/uKBGRsTfxmu3ffiRnd8mlGPUVayg8pvfi5urfnu8TU7DVOkLQ==}
    dev: false

  /toidentifier@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-o5sSPKEkg/DIQNmH43V0/uerLrpzVedkUh8tGNvaeXpfpuwjKenlSox/2O/BTlZUtEe+JG7s5YhEz608PlAHRA==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.6'}
    dev: false

  /touch@3.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WBx8Uy5TLtOSRtIq+M03/sKDrXCLHxwDcquSP2c43Le03/9serjQBIztjRz6FkJez9D/hleyAXTBGLwwZUw9lA==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      nopt: 1.0.10
    dev: true

  /tough-cookie@2.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nlLsUzgm1kfLXSXfRZMc1KLAugd4hqJHDTvc2hDIwS3mZAfMEuMbc03SujMF+GEcpaX/qboeycw6iO8JwVv2+g==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.8'}
    dependencies:
      psl: 1.9.0
      punycode: 2.3.0
    dev: false

  /tr46@0.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-N3WMsuqV66lT30CrXNbEjx4GEwlow3v6rr4mCcv6prnfwhS01rkgyFdjPNBYd9br7LpXV1+Emh01fHnq2Gdgrw==}

  /tree-kill@1.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-L0Orpi8qGpRG//Nd+H90vFB+3iHnue1zSSGmNOOCh1GLJ7rUKVwV2HvijphGQS2UmhUZewS9VgvxYIdgr+fG1A==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: true

  /ts-api-utils@1.0.3(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wNMeqtMz5NtwpT/UZGY5alT+VoKdSsOOP/kqHFcUW1P/VRhH2wJ48+DN2WwUliNbQ976ETwDL0Ifd2VVvgonvg==}
    engines: {node: '>=16.13.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=4.2.0'
    dependencies:
      typescript: 5.2.2
    dev: true

  /ts-command-line-args@2.5.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-H69ZwTw3rFHb5WYpQya40YAX2/w7Ut75uUECbgBIsLmM+BNuYnxsltfyyLMxy6sEeKxgijLTnQtLd0nKd6+IYw==}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      chalk: 4.1.2
      command-line-args: 5.2.1
      command-line-usage: 6.1.3
      string-format: 2.0.0

  /ts-essentials@7.0.3(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-8+gr5+lqO3G84KdiTSMRLtuyJ+nTBVRKuCrK4lidMPdVeEp0uqC875uE5NMcaA7YYMN7XsNiFQuMvasF8HT/xQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=3.7.0'
    dependencies:
      typescript: 5.2.2

  /ts-interface-checker@0.1.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Y/arvbn+rrz3JCKl9C4kVNfTfSm2/mEp5FSz5EsZSANGPSlQrpRI5M4PKF+mJnE52jOO90PnPSc3Ur3bTQw0gA==}
    dev: false

  /ts-node@10.9.1(@types/node@20.8.9)(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NtVysVPkxxrwFGUUxGYhfux8k78pQB3JqYBXlLRZgdGUqTO5wU/UyHop5p70iEbGhB7q5KmiZiU0Y3KlJrScEw==}
    hasBin: true
    peerDependencies:
      '@swc/core': '>=1.2.50'
      '@swc/wasm': '>=1.2.50'
      '@types/node': '*'
      typescript: '>=2.7'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@swc/core':
        optional: true
      '@swc/wasm':
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@cspotcode/source-map-support': 0.8.1
      '@tsconfig/node10': 1.0.9
      '@tsconfig/node12': 1.0.11
      '@tsconfig/node14': 1.0.3
      '@tsconfig/node16': 1.0.4
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
      acorn: 8.11.2
      acorn-walk: 8.3.0
      arg: 4.1.3
      create-require: 1.1.1
      diff: 4.0.2
      make-error: 1.3.6
      typescript: 5.2.2
      v8-compile-cache-lib: 3.0.1
      yn: 3.1.1

  /tsconfig-paths@3.14.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-o/9iXgCYc5L/JxCHPe3Hvh8Q/2xm5Z+p18PESBU6Ff33695QnCHBEjcytY2q19ua7Mbl/DavtBOLq+oG0RCL+g==}
    dependencies:
      '@types/json5': 0.0.29
      json5: 1.0.2
      minimist: 1.2.8
      strip-bom: 3.0.0
    dev: true

  /tslib@1.14.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Xni35NKzjgMrwevysHTCArtLDpPvye8zV/0E4EyYn43P7/7qvQwPh9BGkHewbMulVntbigmcT7rdX3BNo9wRJg==}
    dev: false

  /tslib@2.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-d6xOpEDfsi2CZVlPQzGeux8XMwLT9hssAsaPYExaQMuYskwb+x1x7J371tWlbBdWHroy99KnVB6qIkUbs5X3UQ==}
    dev: false

  /tslib@2.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tGyy4dAjRIEwI7BzsB0lynWgOpfqjUdq91XXAlIWD2OwKBH7oCl/GZG/HT4BOHrTlPMOASlMQ7veyTqpmRcrNA==}

  /tslib@2.6.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-AEYxH93jGFPn/a2iVAwW87VuUIkR1FVUKB77NwMF7nBTDkDrrT/Hpt/IrCJ0QXhW27jTBDcf5ZY7w6RiqTMw2Q==}
    dev: true

  /tunnel-agent@0.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-McnNiV1l8RYeY8tBgEpuodCC1mLUdbSN+CYBL7kJsJNInOP8UjDDEwdk6Mw60vdLLrr5NHKZhMAOSrR2NZuQ+w==}
    dependencies:
      safe-buffer: 5.2.1
    dev: false

  /tweetnacl-util@0.15.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RKJBIj8lySrShN4w6i/BonWp2Z/uxwC3h4y7xsRrpP59ZboCd0GpEVsOnMDYLMmKBpYhb5TgHzZXy7wTfYFBRw==}
    dev: false

  /tweetnacl@0.14.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KXXFFdAbFXY4geFIwoyNK+f5Z1b7swfXABfL7HXCmoIWMKU3dmS26672A4EeQtDzLKy7SXmfBu51JolvEKwtGA==}
    dev: false

  /tweetnacl@1.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-6rt+RN7aOi1nGMyC4Xa5DdYiukl2UWCbcJft7YhxReBGQD7OAM8Pbxw6YMo4r2diNEA8FEmu32YOn9rhaiE5yw==}
    dev: false

  /type-check@0.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-XleUoc9uwGXqjWwXaUTZAmzMcFZ5858QA2vvx1Ur5xIcixXIP+8LnFDgRplU30us6teqdlskFfu+ae4K79Ooew==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8.0'}
    dependencies:
      prelude-ls: 1.2.1
    dev: true

  /type-fest@0.20.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ne+eE4r0/iWnpAxD852z3A+N0Bt5RN//NjJwRd2VFHEmrywxf5vsZlh4R6lixl6B+wz/8d+maTSAkN1FIkI3LQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: true

  /type-fest@0.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-q+MB8nYR1KDLrgr4G5yemftpMC7/QLqVndBmEEdqzmNj5dcFOO4Oo8qlwZE3ULT3+Zim1F8Kq4cBnikNhlCMlg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /type-fest@0.8.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4dbzIzqvjtgiM5rw1k5rEHtBANKmdudhGyBEajN01fEyhaAIhsoKNy6y7+IN93IfpFtwY9iqi7kD+xwKhQsNJA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /type-is@1.6.18:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-TkRKr9sUTxEH8MdfuCSP7VizJyzRNMjj2J2do2Jr3Kym598JVdEksuzPQCnlFPW4ky9Q+iA+ma9BGm06XQBy8g==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.6'}
    dependencies:
      media-typer: 0.3.0
      mime-types: 2.1.35
    dev: false

  /type@1.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+5nt5AAniqsCnu2cEQQdpzCAh33kVx8n0VoFidKpB1dVVLAN/F+bgVOqOJqOnEnrhp222clB5p3vUlD+1QAnfg==}
    dev: false

  /type@2.7.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dzlvlNlt6AXU7EBSfpAscydQ7gXB+pPGsPnfJnZpiNJBDj7IaJzQlBZYGdEi4R9HmPdBv2XmWJ6YUtoTa7lmCw==}
    dev: false

  /typechain@8.3.2(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-x/sQYr5w9K7yv3es7jo4KTX05CLxOf7TRWwoHlrjRh8H82G64g+k7VuWPJlgMo6qrjfCulOdfBjiaDtmhFYD/Q==}
    hasBin: true
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=4.3.0'
    dependencies:
      '@types/prettier': 2.7.3
      debug: 4.3.4
      fs-extra: 7.0.1
      glob: 7.1.7
      js-sha3: 0.8.0
      lodash: 4.17.21
      mkdirp: 1.0.4
      prettier: 2.8.8
      ts-command-line-args: 2.5.1
      ts-essentials: 7.0.3(typescript@5.2.2)
      typescript: 5.2.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color

  /typed-array-buffer@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Y8KTSIglk9OZEr8zywiIHG/kmQ7KWyjseXs1CbSo8vC42w7hg2HgYTxSWwP0+is7bWDc1H+Fo026CpHFwm8tkw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      get-intrinsic: 1.2.2
      is-typed-array: 1.1.12
    dev: true

  /typed-array-byte-length@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Or/+kvLxNpeQ9DtSydonMxCx+9ZXOswtwJn17SNLvhptaXYDJvkFFP5zbfU/uLmvnBJlI4yrnXRxpdWH/M5tNA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      for-each: 0.3.3
      has-proto: 1.0.1
      is-typed-array: 1.1.12
    dev: true

  /typed-array-byte-offset@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-RD97prjEt9EL8YgAgpOkf3O4IF9lhJFr9g0htQkm0rchFp/Vx7LW5Q8fSXXub7BXAODyUQohRMyOc3faCPd0hg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      available-typed-arrays: 1.0.5
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      for-each: 0.3.3
      has-proto: 1.0.1
      is-typed-array: 1.1.12
    dev: true

  /typed-array-length@1.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KjZypGq+I/H7HI5HlOoGHkWUUGq+Q0TPhQurLbyrVrvnKTBgzLhIJ7j6J/XTQOi0d1RjyZ0wdas8bKs2p0x3Ng==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      for-each: 0.3.3
      is-typed-array: 1.1.12
    dev: true

  /typedarray-to-buffer@3.1.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zdu8XMNEDepKKR+XYOXAVPtWui0ly0NtohUscw+UmaHiAWT8hrV1rr//H6V+0DvJ3OQ19S979M0laLfX8rm82Q==}
    dependencies:
      is-typedarray: 1.0.0
    dev: false

  /typescript@5.2.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-mI4WrpHsbCIcwT9cF4FZvr80QUeKvsUsUvKDoR+X/7XHQH98xYD8YHZg7ANtz2GtZt/CBq2QJ0thkGJMHfqc1w==}
    engines: {node: '>=14.17'}
    hasBin: true

  /typical@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-VAH4IvQ7BDFYglMd7BPRDfLgxZZX4O4TFcRDA6EN5X7erNJJq+McIEp8np9aVtxrCJ6qx4GTYVfOWNjcqwZgRw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /typical@5.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dvdQgNDNJo+8B2uBQoqdb11eUCE1JQXhvjC/CZtgvZseVd5TYMXnq0+vuUemXbd/Se29cTaUuPX3YIc2xgbvIg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}

  /ua-parser-js@1.0.37:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bhTyI94tZofjo+Dn8SN6Zv8nBDvyXTymAdM3LDI/0IboIUwTu1rEhW7v2TfiVsoYWgkQ4kOVqnI8APUFbIQIFQ==}
    dev: false

  /uint8arrays@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+QJa8QRnbdXVpHYjLoTpJIdCTiw9Ir62nocClWuXIq2JIh4Uta0cQsTSpFL678p2CN8B+XSApwcU+pQEqVpKWg==}
    dependencies:
      multiformats: 9.9.0
    dev: false

  /ultron@1.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-UIEXBNeYmKptWH6z8ZnqTeS8fV74zG0/eRU9VGkpzz+LIJNs8W/zM/L+7ctCkRrgbNnnR0xxw4bKOr0cW0N0Og==}
    dev: false

  /unbox-primitive@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-61pPlCD9h51VoreyJ0BReideM3MDKMKnh6+V9L08331ipq6Q8OFXZYiqP6n/tbHx4s5I9uRhcye6BrbkizkBDw==}
    dependencies:
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      has-bigints: 1.0.2
      has-symbols: 1.0.3
      which-boxed-primitive: 1.0.2
    dev: true

  /undefsafe@2.0.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-WxONCrssBM8TSPRqN5EmsjVrsv4A8X12J4ArBiiayv3DyyG3ZlIg6yysuuSYdZsVz3TKcTg2fd//Ujd4CHV1iA==}
    dev: true

  /undici-types@5.26.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JlCMO+ehdEIKqlFxk6IfVoAUVmgz7cU7zD/h9XZ0qzeosSHmUJVOzSQvvYSYWXkFXC+IfLKSIffhv0sVZup6pA==}

  /universal-user-agent@6.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-isyNax3wXoKaulPDZWHQqbmIx1k2tb9fb3GGDBRxCscfYV2Ch7WxPArBsFEG8s/safwXTT7H4QGhaIkTp9447w==}
    dev: true

  /universalify@0.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rBJeI5CXAlmy1pV+617WB9J63U6XcazHHF2f2dbJix4XzpUF0RS3Zbj0FGIOCAva5P/d/GBOYaACQ1w+0azUkg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 4.0.0'}

  /unpipe@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pjy2bYhSsufwWlKwPc+l3cN7+wuJlK6uz0YdJEOlQDbl6jo/YlPi4mb8agUkVC8BF7V8NuzeyPNqRksA3hztKQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dev: false

  /untildify@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-KK8xQ1mkzZeg9inewmFVDNkg3l5LUhoq9kN6iWYB/CC9YMG8HA+c1Q8HwDe6dEX7kErrEVNVBO3fWsVq5iDgtw==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dev: true

  /update-browserslist-db@1.0.13(browserslist@4.22.1):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xebP81SNcPuNpPP3uzeW1NYXxI3rxyJzF3pD6sH4jE7o/IX+WtSpwnVU+qIsDPyk0d3hmFQ7mjqc6AtV604hbg==}
    hasBin: true
    peerDependencies:
      browserslist: '>= 4.21.0'
    dependencies:
      browserslist: 4.22.1
      escalade: 3.1.1
      picocolors: 1.0.0

  /uri-js@4.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7rKUyy33Q1yc98pQ1DAmLtwX109F7TIfWlW1Ydo8Wl1ii1SeHieeh0HHfPeL2fMXK6z0s8ecKs9frCuLJvndBg==}
    dependencies:
      punycode: 2.3.0

  /url-set-query@1.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3AChu4NiXquPfeckE5R5cGdiHCMWJx1dwCWOmWIL4KHAziJNOFIYJlpGFeKDvwLPHovZRCxK3cYlwzqI9Vp+Gg==}
    dev: false

  /use-composed-ref@1.3.0(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-GLMG0Jc/jiKov/3Ulid1wbv3r54K9HlMW29IWcDFPEqFkSO2nS0MuefWgMJpeHQ9YJeXDL3ZUF+P3jdXlZX/cQ==}
    peerDependencies:
      react: ^16.8.0 || ^17.0.0 || ^18.0.0
    dependencies:
      react: 18.2.0
    dev: false

  /use-isomorphic-layout-effect@1.1.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-49L8yCO3iGT/ZF9QttjwLF/ZD9Iwto5LnH5LmEdk/6cFmXddqi2ulF0edxTwjj+7mqvpVVGQWvbXZdn32wRSHA==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@types/react': '*'
      react: ^16.8.0 || ^17.0.0 || ^18.0.0
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@types/react':
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@types/react': 18.0.25
      react: 18.2.0
    dev: false

  /use-latest@1.2.1(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-xA+AVm/Wlg3e2P/JiItTziwS7FK92LWrDB0p+hgXloIMuVCeJJ8v6f0eeHyPZaJrM+usM1FkFfbNCrJGs8A/zw==}
    peerDependencies:
      '@types/react': '*'
      react: ^16.8.0 || ^17.0.0 || ^18.0.0
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@types/react':
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@types/react': 18.0.25
      react: 18.2.0
      use-isomorphic-layout-effect: 1.1.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)
    dev: false

  /use-sync-external-store@1.2.0(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eEgnFxGQ1Ife9bzYs6VLi8/4X6CObHMw9Qr9tPY43iKwsPw8xE8+EFsf/2cFZ5S3esXgpWgtSCtLNS41F+sKPA==}
    peerDependencies:
      react: ^16.8.0 || ^17.0.0 || ^18.0.0
    dependencies:
      react: 18.2.0
    dev: false

  /utf-8-validate@5.0.10:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Z6czzLq4u8fPOyx7TU6X3dvUZVvoJmxSQ+IcrlmagKhilxlhZgxPK6C5Jqbkw1IDUmFTM+cz9QDnnLTwDz/2gQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6.14.2'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      node-gyp-build: 4.5.0
    dev: false

  /utf8@3.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-E8VjFIQ/TyQgp+TZfS6l8yp/xWppSAHzidGiRrqe4bK4XP9pTRyKFgGJpO3SN7zdX4DeomTrwaseCHovfpFcqQ==}
    dev: false

  /util-deprecate@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-EPD5q1uXyFxJpCrLnCc1nHnq3gOa6DZBocAIiI2TaSCA7VCJ1UJDMagCzIkXNsUYfD1daK//LTEQ8xiIbrHtcw==}
    dev: false

  /util@0.12.5:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kZf/K6hEIrWHI6XqOFUiiMa+79wE/D8Q+NCNAWclkyg3b4d2k7s0QGepNjiABc+aR3N1PAyHL7p6UcLY6LmrnA==}
    dependencies:
      inherits: 2.0.4
      is-arguments: 1.1.1
      is-generator-function: 1.0.10
      is-typed-array: 1.1.10
      which-typed-array: 1.1.9
    dev: false

  /utils-merge@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pMZTvIkT1d+TFGvDOqodOclx0QWkkgi6Tdoa8gC8ffGAAqz9pzPTZWAybbsHHoED/ztMtkv/VoYTYyShUn81hA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4.0'}
    dev: false

  /uuid@3.4.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HjSDRw6gZE5JMggctHBcjVak08+KEVhSIiDzFnT9S9aegmp85S/bReBVTb4QTFaRNptJ9kuYaNhnbNEOkbKb/A==}
    deprecated: Please upgrade  to version 7 or higher.  Older versions may use Math.random() in certain circumstances, which is known to be problematic.  See https://v8.dev/blog/math-random for details.
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /uuid@8.3.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-+NYs2QeMWy+GWFOEm9xnn6HCDp0l7QBD7ml8zLUmJ+93Q5NF0NocErnwkTkXVFNiX3/fpC6afS8Dhb/gz7R7eg==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /uuid@9.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-b+1eJOlsR9K8HJpow9Ok3fiWOWSIcIzXodvv0rQjVoOVNpWMpxf1wZNpt4y9h10odCNrqnYp1OBzRktckBe3sA==}
    hasBin: true
    dev: false

  /v8-compile-cache-lib@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wa7YjyUGfNZngI/vtK0UHAN+lgDCxBPCylVXGp0zu59Fz5aiGtNXaq3DhIov063MorB+VfufLh3JlF2KdTK3xg==}

  /valid-url@1.0.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-QQDsV8OnSf5Uc30CKSwG9lnhMPe6exHtTXLRYX8uMwKENy640pU+2BgBL0LRbDh/eYRahNCS7aewCx0wf3NYVA==}
    dev: false

  /validate-npm-package-license@3.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-DpKm2Ui/xN7/HQKCtpZxoRWBhZ9Z0kqtygG8XCgNQ8ZlDnxuQmWhj566j8fN4Cu3/JmbhsDo7fcAJq4s9h27Ew==}
    dependencies:
      spdx-correct: 3.2.0
      spdx-expression-parse: 3.0.1
    dev: true

  /valtio@1.10.5(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jTp0k63VXf4r5hPoaC6a6LCG4POkVSh629WLi1+d5PlajLsbynTMd7qAgEiOSPxzoX5iNvbN7iZ/k/g29wrNiQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.20.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      react: '>=16.8'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      react:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      proxy-compare: 2.5.1
      react: 18.2.0
      use-sync-external-store: 1.2.0(react@18.2.0)
    dev: false

  /valtio@1.11.2(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-1XfIxnUXzyswPAPXo1P3Pdx2mq/pIqZICkWN60Hby0d9Iqb+MEIpqgYVlbflvHdrp2YR/q3jyKWRPJJ100yxaw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.20.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@types/react': '>=16.8'
      react: '>=16.8'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@types/react':
        optional: true
      react:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@types/react': 18.0.25
      proxy-compare: 2.5.1
      react: 18.2.0
      use-sync-external-store: 1.2.0(react@18.2.0)
    dev: false

  /varint@5.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lKxKYG6H03yCZUpAGOPOsMcGxd1RHCu1iKvEHYDPmTyq2HueGhD73ssNBqqQWfvYs04G9iUFRvmAVLW20Jw6ow==}
    dev: false

  /vary@1.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BNGbWLfd0eUPabhkXUVm0j8uuvREyTh5ovRa/dyow/BqAbZJyC+5fU+IzQOzmAKzYqYRAISoRhdQr3eIZ/PXqg==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.8'}
    dev: false

  /verror@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ZZKSmDAEFOijERBLkmYfJ+vmk3w+7hOLYDNkRCuRuMJGEmqYNCNLyBBFwWKVMhfwaEF3WOd0Zlw86U/WC/+nYw==}
    engines: {'0': node >=0.6.0}
    dependencies:
      assert-plus: 1.0.0
      core-util-is: 1.0.2
      extsprintf: 1.3.0
    dev: false

  /viem@0.3.50(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-s+LxCYZTR9F/qPk1/n1YDVAX9vSeVz7GraqBZWGrDuenCJxo9ArCoIceJ6ksI0WwSeNzcZ0VVbD/kWRzTxkipw==}
    dependencies:
      '@adraffy/ens-normalize': 1.9.0
      '@noble/curves': 1.0.0
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.0
      '@scure/bip32': 1.3.0
      '@scure/bip39': 1.2.0
      '@wagmi/chains': 1.0.0(typescript@5.2.2)
      abitype: 0.8.7(typescript@5.2.2)
      isomorphic-ws: 5.0.0(ws@8.12.0)
      ws: 8.12.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - typescript
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /viem@1.17.2(typescript@5.2.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-lsF4qqo5cu9llE9g3736MIY2Qzeb/V/BebB4f0DaVuujQVebA/myHaplZGLjAqjPqCf9iui1VRZ6YCQsQ1FIBw==}
    peerDependencies:
      typescript: '>=5.0.4'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@adraffy/ens-normalize': 1.9.4
      '@noble/curves': 1.2.0
      '@noble/hashes': 1.3.2
      '@scure/bip32': 1.3.2
      '@scure/bip39': 1.2.1
      abitype: 0.9.8(typescript@5.2.2)
      isows: 1.0.3(ws@8.13.0)
      typescript: 5.2.2
      ws: 8.13.0(bufferutil@4.0.7)(utf-8-validate@5.0.10)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /vite-plugin-mkcert@1.16.0(vite@4.5.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5r+g8SB9wZzLNUFekGwZo3e0P6QlS6rbxK5p9z/itxNAimsYohgjK/YfVPVxM9EuglP9hjridq0lUejo9v1nVg==}
    engines: {node: '>=v16.7.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      vite: '>=3'
    dependencies:
      '@octokit/rest': 19.0.13
      axios: 1.6.0(debug@4.3.4)
      debug: 4.3.4
      picocolors: 1.0.0
      vite: 4.5.0(@types/node@20.8.9)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: true

  /vite@4.5.0(@types/node@20.8.9):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-ulr8rNLA6rkyFAlVWw2q5YJ91v098AFQ2R0PRFwPzREXOUJQPtFUG0t+/ZikhaOCDqFoDhN6/v8Sq0o4araFAw==}
    engines: {node: ^14.18.0 || >=16.0.0}
    hasBin: true
    peerDependencies:
      '@types/node': '>= 14'
      less: '*'
      lightningcss: ^1.21.0
      sass: '*'
      stylus: '*'
      sugarss: '*'
      terser: ^5.4.0
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@types/node':
        optional: true
      less:
        optional: true
      lightningcss:
        optional: true
      sass:
        optional: true
      stylus:
        optional: true
      sugarss:
        optional: true
      terser:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 20.8.9
      esbuild: 0.18.20
      postcss: 8.4.31
      rollup: 3.29.4
    optionalDependencies:
      fsevents: 2.3.2
    dev: true

  /wagmi@1.4.5(@types/react@18.0.25)(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0)(typescript@5.2.2)(viem@0.3.50):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ph62E6cO5n2Z8Z5LTyZrkaNprxTsbC4w0qZJT4OJdXrEELziI8z/b4FO6amVFXdu2rDp/wpvF56e4mhKC8/Kdw==}
    peerDependencies:
      react: '>=17.0.0'
      typescript: '>=5.0.4'
      viem: '>=0.3.35'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      typescript:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@tanstack/query-sync-storage-persister': 4.36.1
      '@tanstack/react-query': 4.36.1(react-dom@18.2.0)(react@18.2.0)
      '@tanstack/react-query-persist-client': 4.36.1(@tanstack/react-query@4.36.1)
      '@wagmi/core': 1.4.5(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0)(typescript@5.2.2)(viem@0.3.50)
      abitype: 0.8.7(typescript@5.2.2)
      react: 18.2.0
      typescript: 5.2.2
      use-sync-external-store: 1.2.0(react@18.2.0)
      viem: 0.3.50(typescript@5.2.2)
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@react-native-async-storage/async-storage'
      - '@types/react'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - immer
      - lokijs
      - react-dom
      - react-native
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
      - zod
    dev: false

  /web3-bzz@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-o9IR59io3pDUsXTsps5pO5hW1D5zBmg46iNc2t4j2DkaYHNdDLwk2IP9ukoM2wg47QILfPEJYzhTfkS/CcX0KA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 12.20.55
      got: 12.1.0
      swarm-js: 0.1.42
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /web3-core-helpers@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-pIxAzFDS5vnbXvfvLSpaA1tfRykAe9adw43YCKsEYQwH0gCLL0kMLkaCX3q+Q8EVmAh+e1jWL/nl9U0de1+++g==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      web3-eth-iban: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    dev: false

  /web3-core-method@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-4R700jTLAMKDMhQ+nsVfIXvH6IGJlJzGisIfMKWAIswH31h5AZz7uDUW2YctI+HrYd+5uOAlS4OJeeT9bIpvkA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/transactions': 5.7.0
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-core-promievent: 1.10.0
      web3-core-subscriptions: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    dev: false

  /web3-core-promievent@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-68N7k5LWL5R38xRaKFrTFT2pm2jBNFaM4GioS00YjAKXRQ3KjmhijOMG3TICz6Aa5+6GDWYelDNx21YAeZ4YTg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      eventemitter3: 4.0.4
    dev: false

  /web3-core-requestmanager@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3z/JKE++Os62APml4dvBM+GAuId4h3L9ckUrj7ebEtS2AR0ixyQPbrBodgL91Sv7j7cQ3Y+hllaluqjguxvSaQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      util: 0.12.5
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-providers-http: 1.10.0
      web3-providers-ipc: 1.10.0
      web3-providers-ws: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-core-subscriptions@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-HGm1PbDqsxejI075gxBc5OSkwymilRWZufIy9zEpnWKNmfbuv5FfHgW1/chtJP6aP3Uq2vHkvTDl3smQBb8l+g==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      eventemitter3: 4.0.4
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
    dev: false

  /web3-core@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-fWySwqy2hn3TL89w5TM8wXF1Z2Q6frQTKHWmP0ppRQorEK8NcHJRfeMiv/mQlSKoTS1F6n/nv2uyZsixFycjYQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@types/bn.js': 5.1.3
      '@types/node': 12.20.55
      bignumber.js: 9.1.2
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-core-method: 1.10.0
      web3-core-requestmanager: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-eth-abi@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-cwS+qRBWpJ43aI9L3JS88QYPfFcSJJ3XapxOQ4j40v6mk7ATpA8CVK1vGTzpihNlOfMVRBkR95oAj7oL6aiDOg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@ethersproject/abi': 5.7.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    dev: false

  /web3-eth-accounts@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-wiq39Uc3mOI8rw24wE2n15hboLE0E9BsQLdlmsL4Zua9diDS6B5abXG0XhFcoNsXIGMWXVZz4TOq3u4EdpXF/Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@ethereumjs/common': 2.5.0
      '@ethereumjs/tx': 3.3.2
      eth-lib: 0.2.8
      ethereumjs-util: 7.1.5
      scrypt-js: 3.0.1
      uuid: 9.0.1
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-core-method: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-eth-contract@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MIC5FOzP/+2evDksQQ/dpcXhSqa/2hFNytdl/x61IeWxhh6vlFeSjq0YVTAyIzdjwnL7nEmZpjfI6y6/Ufhy7w==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@types/bn.js': 5.1.3
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-core-method: 1.10.0
      web3-core-promievent: 1.10.0
      web3-core-subscriptions: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-abi: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-eth-ens@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3hpGgzX3qjgxNAmqdrC2YUQMTfnZbs4GeLEmy8aCWziVwogbuqQZ+Gzdfrym45eOZodk+lmXyLuAdqkNlvkc1g==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      content-hash: 2.5.2
      eth-ens-namehash: 2.0.8
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-core-promievent: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-abi: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-contract: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-eth-iban@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0l+SP3IGhInw7Q20LY3IVafYEuufo4Dn75jAHT7c2aDJsIolvf2Lc6ugHkBajlwUneGfbRQs/ccYPQ9JeMUbrg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 5.2.1
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    dev: false

  /web3-eth-personal@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-anseKn98w/d703eWq52uNuZi7GhQeVjTC5/svrBWEKob0WZ5kPdo+EZoFN0sp5a5ubbrk/E0xSl1/M5yORMtpg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@types/node': 12.20.55
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-core-method: 1.10.0
      web3-net: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-eth@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Z5vT6slNMLPKuwRyKGbqeGYC87OAy8bOblaqRTgg94CXcn/mmqU7iPIlG4506YdcdK3x6cfEDG7B6w+jRxypKA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      web3-core-method: 1.10.0
      web3-core-subscriptions: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-abi: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-accounts: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-contract: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-ens: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-iban: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-personal: 1.10.0
      web3-net: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-net@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-NLH/N3IshYWASpxk4/18Ge6n60GEvWBVeM8inx2dmZJVmRI6SJIlUxbL8jySgiTn3MMZlhbdvrGo8fpUW7a1GA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-core-method: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-provider-engine@16.0.3(@babel/core@7.23.2):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Q3bKhGqLfMTdLvkd4TtkGYJHcoVQ82D1l8jTIwwuJp/sAp7VHnRYb9YJ14SW/69VMWoOhSpPLZV2tWb9V0WJoA==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      '@ethereumjs/tx': 3.5.2
      async: 2.6.4
      backoff: 2.5.0
      clone: 2.1.2
      cross-fetch: 2.2.6
      eth-block-tracker: 4.4.3(@babel/core@7.23.2)
      eth-json-rpc-filters: 4.2.2
      eth-json-rpc-infura: 5.1.0
      eth-json-rpc-middleware: 6.0.0
      eth-rpc-errors: 3.0.0
      eth-sig-util: 1.4.2
      ethereumjs-block: 1.7.1
      ethereumjs-util: 5.2.1
      ethereumjs-vm: 2.6.0
      json-stable-stringify: 1.0.2
      promise-to-callback: 1.0.0
      readable-stream: 2.3.8
      request: 2.88.2
      semaphore: 1.1.0
      ws: 5.2.3
      xhr: 2.6.0
      xtend: 4.0.2
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - '@babel/core'
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /web3-providers-http@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-eNr965YB8a9mLiNrkjAWNAPXgmQWfpBfkkn7tpEFlghfww0u3I0tktMZiaToJVcL2+Xq+81cxbkpeWJ5XQDwOA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      abortcontroller-polyfill: 1.7.5
      cross-fetch: 3.1.5
      es6-promise: 4.2.8
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
    dev: false

  /web3-providers-ipc@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-OfXG1aWN8L1OUqppshzq8YISkWrYHaATW9H8eh0p89TlWMc1KZOL9vttBuaBEi96D/n0eYDn2trzt22bqHWfXA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      oboe: 2.1.5
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
    dev: false

  /web3-providers-ws@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-sK0fNcglW36yD5xjnjtSGBnEtf59cbw4vZzJ+CmOWIKGIR96mP5l684g0WD0Eo+f4NQc2anWWXG74lRc9OVMCQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      eventemitter3: 4.0.4
      web3-core-helpers: 1.10.0
      websocket: 1.0.34
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-shh@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-uNUUuNsO2AjX41GJARV9zJibs11eq6HtOe6Wr0FtRUcj8SN6nHeYIzwstAvJ4fXA53gRqFMTxdntHEt9aXVjpg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-core-method: 1.10.0
      web3-core-subscriptions: 1.10.0
      web3-net: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - encoding
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /web3-utils@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kSaCM0uMcZTNUSmn5vMEhlo02RObGNRRCkdX0V9UTAU0+lrvn0HSaudyCo6CQzuXUsnuY2ERJGCGPfeWmv19Rg==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 5.2.1
      ethereum-bloom-filters: 1.0.10
      ethereumjs-util: 7.1.5
      ethjs-unit: 0.1.6
      number-to-bn: 1.7.0
      randombytes: 2.1.0
      utf8: 3.0.0
    dev: false

  /web3@1.10.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YfKY9wSkGcM8seO+daR89oVTcbu18NsVfvOngzqMYGUU0pPSQmE57qQDvQzUeoIOHAnXEBNzrhjQJmm8ER0rng==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    requiresBuild: true
    dependencies:
      web3-bzz: 1.10.0
      web3-core: 1.10.0
      web3-eth: 1.10.0
      web3-eth-personal: 1.10.0
      web3-net: 1.10.0
      web3-shh: 1.10.0
      web3-utils: 1.10.0
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - bufferutil
      - encoding
      - supports-color
      - utf-8-validate
    dev: false

  /webidl-conversions@3.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-2JAn3z8AR6rjK8Sm8orRC0h/bcl/DqL7tRPdGZ4I1CjdF+EaMLmYxBHyXuKL849eucPFhvBoxMsflfOb8kxaeQ==}

  /websocket@1.0.34:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-PRDso2sGwF6kM75QykIesBijKSVceR6jL2G8NGYyq2XrItNC2P5/qL5XeR056GhA+Ly7JMFvJb9I312mJfmqnQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=4.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      bufferutil: 4.0.7
      debug: 2.6.9
      es5-ext: 0.10.62
      typedarray-to-buffer: 3.1.5
      utf-8-validate: 5.0.10
      yaeti: 0.0.6
    transitivePeerDependencies:
      - supports-color
    dev: false

  /whatwg-fetch@2.0.4:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-dcQ1GWpOD/eEQ97k66aiEVpNnapVj90/+R+SXTPYGHpYBBypfKJEQjLrvMZ7YXbKm21gXd4NcuxUTjiv1YtLng==}
    dev: false

  /whatwg-url@5.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-saE57nupxk6v3HY35+jzBwYa0rKSy0XR8JSxZPwgLr7ys0IBzhGviA1/TUGJLmSVqs8pb9AnvICXEuOHLprYTw==}
    dependencies:
      tr46: 0.0.3
      webidl-conversions: 3.0.1

  /which-boxed-primitive@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-bwZdv0AKLpplFY2KZRX6TvyuN7ojjr7lwkg6ml0roIy9YeuSr7JS372qlNW18UQYzgYK9ziGcerWqZOmEn9VNg==}
    dependencies:
      is-bigint: 1.0.4
      is-boolean-object: 1.1.2
      is-number-object: 1.0.7
      is-string: 1.0.7
      is-symbol: 1.0.4
    dev: true

  /which-builtin-type@1.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YmjsSMDBYsM1CaFiayOVT06+KJeXf0o5M/CAd4o1lTadFAtacTUM49zoYxr/oroopFDfhvN6iEcBxUyc3gvKmw==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      function.prototype.name: 1.1.6
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
      is-async-function: 2.0.0
      is-date-object: 1.0.5
      is-finalizationregistry: 1.0.2
      is-generator-function: 1.0.10
      is-regex: 1.1.4
      is-weakref: 1.0.2
      isarray: 2.0.5
      which-boxed-primitive: 1.0.2
      which-collection: 1.0.1
      which-typed-array: 1.1.9
    dev: true

  /which-collection@1.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-W8xeTUwaln8i3K/cY1nGXzdnVZlidBcagyNFtBdD5kxnb4TvGKR7FfSIS3mYpwWS1QUCutfKz8IY8RjftB0+1A==}
    dependencies:
      is-map: 2.0.2
      is-set: 2.0.2
      is-weakmap: 2.0.1
      is-weakset: 2.0.2
    dev: true

  /which-module@2.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-B+enWhmw6cjfVC7kS8Pj9pCrKSc5txArRyaYGe088shv/FGWH+0Rjx/xPgtsWfsUtS27FkP697E4DDhgrgoc0Q==}
    dev: false

  /which-typed-array@1.1.13:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-P5Nra0qjSncduVPEAr7xhoF5guty49ArDTwzJ/yNuPIbZppyRxFQsRCWrocxIY+CnMVG+qfbU2FmDKyvSGClow==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      available-typed-arrays: 1.0.5
      call-bind: 1.0.5
      for-each: 0.3.3
      gopd: 1.0.1
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
    dev: true

  /which-typed-array@1.1.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-w9c4xkx6mPidwp7180ckYWfMmvxpjlZuIudNtDf4N/tTAUB8VJbX25qZoAsrtGuYNnGw3pa0AXgbGKRB8/EceA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 0.4'}
    dependencies:
      available-typed-arrays: 1.0.5
      call-bind: 1.0.2
      for-each: 0.3.3
      gopd: 1.0.1
      has-tostringtag: 1.0.0
      is-typed-array: 1.1.10

  /which@2.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BLI3Tl1TW3Pvl70l3yq3Y64i+awpwXqsGBYWkkqMtnbXgrMD+yj7rhW0kuEDxzJaYXGjEW5ogapKNMEKNMjibA==}
    engines: {node: '>= 8'}
    hasBin: true
    dependencies:
      isexe: 2.0.0
    dev: true

  /wordwrapjs@4.0.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kKlNACbvHrkpIw6oPeYDSmdCTu2hdMHoyXLTcUKala++lx5Y+wjJ/e474Jqv5abnVmwxw08DiTuHmw69lJGksA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.0.0'}
    dependencies:
      reduce-flatten: 2.0.0
      typical: 5.2.0

  /wrap-ansi@6.2.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-r6lPcBGxZXlIcymEu7InxDMhdW0KDxpLgoFLcguasxCaJ/SOIZwINatK9KY/tf+ZrlywOKU0UDj3ATXUBfxJXA==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      ansi-styles: 4.3.0
      string-width: 4.2.3
      strip-ansi: 6.0.1
    dev: false

  /wrap-ansi@7.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YVGIj2kamLSTxw6NsZjoBxfSwsn0ycdesmc4p+Q21c5zPuZ1pl+NfxVdxPtdHvmNVOQ6XSYG4AUtyt/Fi7D16Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dependencies:
      ansi-styles: 4.3.0
      string-width: 4.2.3
      strip-ansi: 6.0.1
    dev: true

  /wrappy@1.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-l4Sp/DRseor9wL6EvV2+TuQn63dMkPjZ/sp9XkghTEbV9KlPS1xUsZ3u7/IQO4wxtcFB4bgpQPRcR3QCvezPcQ==}

  /ws@3.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-nnWLa/NwZSt4KQJu51MYlCcSQ5g7INpOrOMt4XV8j4dqTXdmlUmSHQ8/oLC069ckre0fRsgfvsKwbTdtKLCDkA==}
    peerDependencies:
      bufferutil: ^4.0.1
      utf-8-validate: ^5.0.2
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      bufferutil:
        optional: true
      utf-8-validate:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      async-limiter: 1.0.1
      safe-buffer: 5.1.2
      ultron: 1.1.1
    dev: false

  /ws@5.2.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-jZArVERrMsKUatIdnLzqvcfydI85dvd/Fp1u/VOpfdDWQ4c9qWXe+VIeAbQ5FrDwciAkr+lzofXLz3Kuf26AOA==}
    peerDependencies:
      bufferutil: ^4.0.1
      utf-8-validate: ^5.0.2
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      bufferutil:
        optional: true
      utf-8-validate:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      async-limiter: 1.0.1
    dev: false

  /ws@7.5.9:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-F+P9Jil7UiSKSkppIiD94dN07AwvFixvLIj1Og1Rl9GGMuNipJnV9JzjD6XuqmAeiswGvUmNLjr5cFuXwNS77Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=8.3.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      bufferutil: ^4.0.1
      utf-8-validate: ^5.0.2
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      bufferutil:
        optional: true
      utf-8-validate:
        optional: true
    dev: false

  /ws@8.12.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-kU62emKIdKVeEIOIKVegvqpXMSTAMLJozpHZaJNDYqBjzlSYXQGviYwN1osDLJ9av68qHd4a2oSjd7yD4pacig==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      bufferutil: ^4.0.1
      utf-8-validate: '>=5.0.2'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      bufferutil:
        optional: true
      utf-8-validate:
        optional: true
    dev: false

  /ws@8.13.0(bufferutil@4.0.7)(utf-8-validate@5.0.10):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-x9vcZYTrFPC7aSIbj7sRCYo7L/Xb8Iy+pW0ng0wt2vCJv7M9HOMy0UoN3rr+IFC7hb7vXoqS+P9ktyLLLhO+LA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      bufferutil: ^4.0.1
      utf-8-validate: '>=5.0.2'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      bufferutil:
        optional: true
      utf-8-validate:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      bufferutil: 4.0.7
      utf-8-validate: 5.0.10
    dev: false

  /ws@8.5.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-BWX0SWVgLPzYwF8lTzEy1egjhS4S4OEAHfsO8o65WOVsrnSRGaSiUaa9e0ggGlkMTtBlmOpEXiie9RUcBO86qg==}
    engines: {node: '>=10.0.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      bufferutil: ^4.0.1
      utf-8-validate: ^5.0.2
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      bufferutil:
        optional: true
      utf-8-validate:
        optional: true
    dev: false

  /xhr-request-promise@0.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-YUBytBsuwgitWtdRzXDDkWAXzhdGB8bYm0sSzMPZT7Z2MBjMSTHFsyCT1yCRATY+XC69DUrQraRAEgcoCRaIPg==}
    dependencies:
      xhr-request: 1.1.0
    dev: false

  /xhr-request@1.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Y7qzEaR3FDtL3fP30k9wO/e+FBnBByZeybKOhASsGP30NIkRAAkKD/sCnLvgEfAIEC1rcmK7YG8f4oEnIrrWzA==}
    dependencies:
      buffer-to-arraybuffer: 0.0.5
      object-assign: 4.1.1
      query-string: 5.1.1
      simple-get: 2.8.2
      timed-out: 4.0.1
      url-set-query: 1.0.0
      xhr: 2.6.0
    dev: false

  /xhr@2.6.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-/eCGLb5rxjx5e3mF1A7s+pLlR6CGyqWN91fv1JgER5mVWg1MZmlhBvy9kjcsOdRk8RrIujotWyJamfyrp+WIcA==}
    dependencies:
      global: 4.4.0
      is-function: 1.0.2
      parse-headers: 2.0.5
      xtend: 4.0.2
    dev: false

  /xtend@2.1.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-vMNKzr2rHP9Dp/e1NQFnLQlwlhp9L/LfvnsVdHxN1f+uggyVI3i08uD14GPvCToPkdsRfyPqIyYGmIk58V98ZQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.4'}
    dependencies:
      object-keys: 0.4.0
    dev: false

  /xtend@4.0.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-LKYU1iAXJXUgAXn9URjiu+MWhyUXHsvfp7mcuYm9dSUKK0/CjtrUwFAxD82/mCWbtLsGjFIad0wIsod4zrTAEQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.4'}
    dev: false

  /y18n@4.0.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-JKhqTOwSrqNA1NY5lSztJ1GrBiUodLMmIZuLiDaMRJ+itFd+ABVE8XBjOvIWL+rSqNDC74LCSFmlb/U4UZ4hJQ==}
    dev: false

  /y18n@5.0.8:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-0pfFzegeDWJHJIAmTLRP2DwHjdF5s7jo9tuztdQxAhINCdvS+3nGINqPd00AphqJR/0LhANUS6/+7SCb98YOfA==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}
    dev: true

  /yaeti@0.0.6:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-MvQa//+KcZCUkBTIC9blM+CU9J2GzuTytsOUwf2lidtvkx/6gnEp1QvJv34t9vdjhFmha/mUiNDbN0D0mJWdug==}
    engines: {node: '>=0.10.32'}
    dev: false

  /yallist@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-a4UGQaWPH59mOXUYnAG2ewncQS4i4F43Tv3JoAM+s2VDAmS9NsK8GpDMLrCHPksFT7h3K6TOoUNn2pb7RoXx4g==}

  /yallist@4.0.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-3wdGidZyq5PB084XLES5TpOSRA3wjXAlIWMhum2kRcv/41Sn2emQ0dycQW4uZXLejwKvg6EsvbdlVL+FYEct7A==}

  /yaml@2.3.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-zw0VAJxgeZ6+++/su5AFoqBbZbrEakwu+X0M5HmcwUiBL7AzcuPKjj5we4xfQLp78LkEMpD0cOnUhmgOVy3KdQ==}
    engines: {node: '>= 14'}
    dev: false

  /yargs-parser@18.1.3:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-o50j0JeToy/4K6OZcaQmW6lyXXKhq7csREXcDwk2omFPJEwUNOVtJKvmDr9EI1fAJZUyZcRF7kxGBWmRXudrCQ==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}
    dependencies:
      camelcase: 5.3.1
      decamelize: 1.2.0
    dev: false

  /yargs-parser@21.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-tVpsJW7DdjecAiFpbIB1e3qxIQsE6NoPc5/eTdrbbIC4h0LVsWhnoa3g+m2HclBIujHzsxZ4VJVA+GUuc2/LBw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dev: true

  /yargs@15.4.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-aePbxDmcYW++PaqBsJ+HYUFwCdv4LVvdnhBy78E57PIor8/OVvhMrADFFEDh8DHDFRv/O9i3lPhsENjO7QX0+A==}
    engines: {node: '>=8'}
    dependencies:
      cliui: 6.0.0
      decamelize: 1.2.0
      find-up: 4.1.0
      get-caller-file: 2.0.5
      require-directory: 2.1.1
      require-main-filename: 2.0.0
      set-blocking: 2.0.0
      string-width: 4.2.3
      which-module: 2.0.0
      y18n: 4.0.3
      yargs-parser: 18.1.3
    dev: false

  /yargs@17.7.2:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-7dSzzRQ++CKnNI/krKnYRV7JKKPUXMEh61soaHKg9mrWEhzFWhFnxPxGl+69cD1Ou63C13NUPCnmIcrvqCuM6w==}
    engines: {node: '>=12'}
    dependencies:
      cliui: 8.0.1
      escalade: 3.1.1
      get-caller-file: 2.0.5
      require-directory: 2.1.1
      string-width: 4.2.3
      y18n: 5.0.8
      yargs-parser: 21.1.1
    dev: true

  /yn@3.1.1:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-Ux4ygGWsu2c7isFWe8Yu1YluJmqVhxqK2cLXNQA5AcC3QfbGNpM7fu0Y8b/z16pXLnFxZYvWhd3fhBY9DLmC6Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=6'}

  /yocto-queue@0.1.0:
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-rVksvsnNCdJ/ohGc6xgPwyN8eheCxsiLM8mxuE/t/mOVqJewPuO1miLpTHQiRgTKCLexL4MeAFVagts7HmNZ2Q==}
    engines: {node: '>=10'}

  /zustand@4.4.4(@types/react@18.0.25)(react@18.2.0):
    resolution: {integrity: sha512-5UTUIAiHMNf5+mFp7/AnzJXS7+XxktULFN0+D1sCiZWyX7ZG+AQpqs2qpYrynRij4QvoDdCD+U+bmg/cG3Ucxw==}
    engines: {node: '>=12.7.0'}
    peerDependencies:
      '@types/react': '>=16.8'
      immer: '>=9.0'
      react: '>=16.8'
    peerDependenciesMeta:
      '@types/react':
        optional: true
      immer:
        optional: true
      react:
        optional: true
    dependencies:
      '@types/react': 18.0.25
      react: 18.2.0
      use-sync-external-store: 1.2.0(react@18.2.0)
    dev: false

  github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-abi/ee3994657fa7a427238e6ba92a84d0b529bbcde0:
    resolution: {tarball: https://codeload.github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-abi/tar.gz/ee3994657fa7a427238e6ba92a84d0b529bbcde0}
    name: ethereumjs-abi
    version: 0.6.8
    dependencies:
      bn.js: 4.12.0
      ethereumjs-util: 6.2.1
    dev: false
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /polyfills.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/polyfills.ts  

~~~  
import { Buffer } from 'buffer'
import process from 'process'

window.global = window
window.process = process
window.Buffer = Buffer
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /postcss.config.js  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/postcss.config.js  

~~~  
const data = {
  plugins: {
    tailwindcss: {},
    autoprefixer: {},
  },
};

export default data;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /public/browserconfig.xml  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/public/browserconfig.xml  

~~~  
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<browserconfig>
    <msapplication>
        <tile>
            <square150x150logo src="/mstile-150x150.png"/>
            <TileColor>#da532c</TileColor>
        </tile>
    </msapplication>
</browserconfig>
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /public/site.webmanifest  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/public/site.webmanifest  

~~~  
{
    "name": "",
    "short_name": "",
    "icons": [
        {
            "src": "/android-chrome-192x192.png",
            "sizes": "192x192",
            "type": "image/png"
        },
        {
            "src": "/android-chrome-512x512.png",
            "sizes": "512x512",
            "type": "image/png"
        }
    ],
    "theme_color": "#ffffff",
    "background_color": "#ffffff",
    "display": "standalone"
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /server/index.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/server/index.ts  

~~~  
/**
 * Welcome to Cloudflare Workers! This is your first worker.
 *
 * - Run "npm run dev" in your terminal to start a development server
 * - Open a browser tab at http://localhost:8787/ to see your worker in action
 * - Run "npm run deploy" to publish your worker
 *
 * Learn more at https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/
 */
import fastifyCors from '@fastify/cors';
import formBody from '@fastify/formbody';
import fastifyStatic from '@fastify/static';
import base64url from 'base64url';
import { config } from 'dotenv';
import { JsonRpcProvider, getAddress, hexlify, HDNodeWallet } from 'ethers';
import Fastify from 'fastify';
import { exportJWK, importSPKI } from 'jose';
import KeyEncoder from 'key-encoder';
import crypto from 'node:crypto';
import path from 'node:path';
import { SiweMessage } from 'siwe';
import { hashMessage, verifyMessage } from 'viem';

import { LSP0ERC725AccountInit__factory } from '../libs/contracts/factories/LSP0ERC725AccountInit__factory.js';

config();

const fastify = Fastify({
  logger: true,
  ...(process.env.ENABLE_HTTP2 === 'true' ? { http2: true } : {}),
});
await fastify.register(formBody);
await fastify.register(fastifyCors, {
  // put your options here
});
// eslint-disable-next-line unicorn/no-null
fastify.decorateRequest('user', null);
// eslint-disable-next-line unicorn/no-null
fastify.decorateRequest('tags', null);
// eslint-disable-next-line unicorn/no-null
fastify.decorateRequest('scope', null);

// now let's create a router (note the lack of "new")
const provider = new JsonRpcProvider('https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network');

if (!process.env.VITE_MNEMONIC) {
  const wallet = HDNodeWallet.createRandom();
  const phrase = wallet.mnemonic?.phrase;
  fastify.log.info(phrase);
  fastify.log.info(
    &nbsp;Please configure your .env with\nVITE_MNEMONIC=${phrase}\nor any other mnemonic you want to use.\nStarting up with random new phrase above.\nThis private/public key pair is used to sign and verify server tokens.&nbsp;,
  );
  process.env.VITE_MNEMONIC = phrase;
}

const wallet = HDNodeWallet.fromPhrase(process.env.VITE_MNEMONIC || '');

async function getJwks() {
  const KE = (KeyEncoder as any).default;
  const keyEncoder = new KE('secp256k1');
  const pem = keyEncoder.encodePublic(wallet.publicKey.slice(2), 'raw', 'pem');
  const pk = await importSPKI(pem as string, 'ES256K');
  const jwk = await exportJWK(pk);
  return [{ ...jwk, kid: '1' }];
}

fastify.get('/.well-known/walletconnect.txt', async (_request, reply) => {
  reply
    .code(200)
    .header('Content-Type', 'text/plain; charset=utf-8')
    .send(process.env.VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_VERIFY || '');
});

fastify.get('/.well-known/jwks', async (_request, reply) => {
  reply
    .code(200)
    .header('Content-Type', 'application/json; charset=utf-8')
    .send(await getJwks());
});

fastify.get('/.well-known/public-key', async (_request, reply) => {
  reply
    .code(200)
    .header('Content-Type', 'application/json; charset=utf-8')
    .send({
      address: wallet.address,
      publicKey: wallet.publicKey,
    });
});

/**
 * Exchange user message for a server message and jwt
 *
 * @param siwe user siwe message
 * @param uri
 * @param nonce
 * @param domain
 * @param address
 * @returns
 */
async function exchangeToken(
  siwe: SiweMessage,
  uri: string,
  nonce: string,
  domain: string,
  address: string,
) {
  const set = new Set([
    ...(siwe.resources || []),
    siwe.uri,
    'did:web:' + siwe.domain,
    'did:account:' + siwe.address,
  ]);
  set.delete('did:account:' + getAddress(wallet.address));
  const newMessage = new SiweMessage({
    ...siwe,
    uri,
    domain,
    address,
    resources: [...set.values()],
    issuedAt: new Date().toISOString(),
    expirationTime: new Date(Date.now() + 30 * 24 * 60 * 60_000).toISOString(),
    nonce,
  });
  const message = newMessage.prepareMessage();
  const signature = await wallet.signMessage(message);
  const header = {
    alg: 'ES256K',
    typ: 'JWT',
    kid: '1',
  };
  return {
    jwt: [
      Buffer.from(JSON.stringify(header)),
      Buffer.from(message),
      Buffer.from(signature.slice(2), 'hex'),
    ]
      .map((d) => base64url(d, 'base64'))
      .join('.'),
    message: newMessage,
    signature: hexlify(signature),
  };
}

/**
 *
 * @param token jwt token to decode
 * @returns decoded siwe message
 */
async function decodeToken(token: string) {
  if (!token) {
    throw new Error('No token');
  }
  const [_header, message, signature] = token.split('.').map((segment) => {
    return base64url.toBuffer(segment);
  });
  if (!signature || !message || !_header) {
    throw new Error('No token');
  }
  const header = JSON.parse(_header.toString());
  if (header.alg !== 'ES256K' || header.typ !== 'JWT') {
    throw new Error('Invalid token');
  }

  const messageString = message.toString();

  const message_ = new SiweMessage(messageString);
  if (message_.address === wallet.address) {
    // This is a server token
    const signature_ = hexlify(signature) as &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;;
    if (
      !(await verifyMessage({
        message: messageString,
        signature: signature_,
        address: message_.address as &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;,
      }))
    ) {
      throw new Error('Invalid token');
    }
    const account = (
      message_.resources?.find((resource) =>
        resource.startsWith('did:account:'),
      ) || ''
    ).replace(/^did:account:/, '');
    return { message: message_, account, valid: true, signature: signature_ };
  }
  const account = getAddress(message_.address);
  const contract = LSP0ERC725AccountInit__factory.connect(account, provider);
  const value = await contract.isValidSignature(
    hashMessage(messageString),
    hexlify(signature),
  );
  if (value !== '0x1626ba7e') {
    throw new Error('Invalid token');
  }
  return {
    account,
    message: message_,
    valid: true,
    signature: hexlify(signature),
  };
}

/**
 * Verify user or server token
 *
 * GET with bearer token in authorization header
 *
 * Returns { message: SiweMessage, valid: boolean } as json
 */
fastify.get('/verify', async (request, reply) => {
  const authorization = request.headers.authorization?.replace(/^bearer /i, '');
  if (!authorization) {
    reply.code(401).send({
      error: 'invalid_request',
      error_description: 'Missing authorization header',
    });
    return;
  }
  try {
    return await decodeToken(authorization);
  } catch (error) {
    reply.code(401).send({
      error: (error as any).message,
      valid: false,
      error_description: 'Invalid authorization header',
    });
  }
});

/**
 * Exchange a user token for a server token
 *
 * GET with bearer token in authorization header
 *
 * Returns { message: SiweMessage, originalMessage: SiweMessage, jwt: string } as JSON
 */
fastify.get('/exchange', async (request, reply) => {
  const authorization = request.headers.authorization?.replace(/^bearer /i, '');
  if (!authorization) {
    reply.code(401).send({
      error: 'invalid_request',
      valid: false,
      error_description: 'Missing authorization header',
    });
    return;
  }
  try {
    const {
      message,
      account,
      signature: originalSignature,
    } = await decodeToken(authorization);
    const {
      jwt,
      message: newMessage,
      signature,
    } = await exchangeToken(
      message,
      &nbsp;https://${process.env.VITE_APP_DOMAIN}&nbsp;,
      Buffer.from(crypto.getRandomValues(new Uint8Array(32))).toString('hex'),
      process.env.VITE_APP_DOMAIN || '',
      wallet.address,
    );
    return {
      message: newMessage,
      originalMessage: message,
      originalSignature,
      jwt: jwt,
      signature,
      account,
    };
  } catch (error) {
    fastify.log.error(error);
    reply.code(401).send({
      error: (error as any).message,
      valid: false,
      error_description: 'Invalid authorization header',
    });
  }
});

const root = path.resolve(process.env.BASE_DIR || './dist');

fastify.register(
  (childContext, _, done) => {
    childContext.register(fastifyStatic, {
      root,
      wildcard: true,
      index: 'index.html',
      prefix: '/',
      redirect: true,
    });
    childContext.setNotFoundHandler((_, reply) => {
      return reply.code(200).type('text/html').sendFile('index.html', root);
    });
    done();
  },
  { prefix: '/' },
);

async function run() {
  const port = process.env.PORT ? Number.parseInt(process.env.PORT, 10) : 3000;
  await fastify.listen({
    host: '::',
    port,
    listenTextResolver: (address) => &nbsp;Listening on ${address}&nbsp;,
  });
}

// eslint-disable-next-line unicorn/prefer-top-level-await
run().catch((error) => {
  fastify.log.error(error);
  // eslint-disable-next-line unicorn/no-process-exit
  process.exit(1);
});
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/App.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/App.tsx  

~~~  
import { Web3Button } from '@web3modal/react';
import { useAccount } from 'wagmi';

import { SignMessage } from './components/SignMessage';

export function App() {
  const { isConnected } = useAccount();

  return (
    <div className="container mx-auto p-4 bg-slate-300">
      <nav className="flex justify-between items-center">
        <Web3Button />
      </nav>
      <h1 className="text-lg">
        Web3 Auth: Using Universal Profile and SIWE for Login
      </h1>
      <h2 className="text-md">
        This webpage shows several basic functions needed to use Universal
        Profiles and SIWE for authentication, authorization and verification.
        Create signatures as JWT tokens, validate them from client to server and
        server to client.{' '}
        {isConnected ? (
          ''
        ) : (
          <span className="text-red bg-gray-500">
            Please connect the Universal Profile Extension.
          </span>
        )}
      </h2>

      {isConnected && <SignMessage />}
    </div>
  );
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/components/ClientVerifyJwt.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/components/ClientVerifyJwt.tsx  

~~~  
import { useCallback, useState } from 'react';
import JSONView from 'react-json-view';
import { useAccount } from 'wagmi';

import { verifyTokenOnClient } from '../utils/signing';

export function ClientVerifyJwt({
  jwt,
  title,
}: {
  jwt: string;
  title: string;
}) {
  const [output, setOutput] = useState<any>();
  const account = useAccount();
  const onClick = useCallback(async () => {
    if (!account.address) return;
    const output = await verifyTokenOnClient(account.address, jwt);
    setOutput(output);
  }, [jwt, account]);
  return (
    <div className="shadow-lg rounded-2xl m-3 p-5 bg-white">
      <h3 className="text-md">{title}</h3>
      <button
        className="rounded border-solid border-2 border-sky-500 disabled:text-gray-300 disabled:border-gray-200 disabled:bg-gray-100 px-2"
        disabled={!jwt}
        onClick={onClick}
      >
        Verify
      </button>
      <hr />
      <div className="w-full overflow-auto">
        <JSONView name="result" src={output} />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/components/CreateJwt.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/components/CreateJwt.tsx  

~~~  
import { FormEvent, useCallback, useContext, useState } from 'react';
import JSONView from 'react-json-view';
import { useAccount, useChainId } from 'wagmi';

import { SignMessageContext } from './SignMessage';
import { createJwt } from '../utils/signing';

export function CreateJwt({ title }: { title: string }) {
  const account = useAccount();
  const chainId = useChainId();
  const [output, setOutput] = useState<any>();
  const { setData } = useContext(SignMessageContext);
  const onSubmit = useCallback(
    async (event: FormEvent<HTMLFormElement>) => {
      event.preventDefault();
      if (!account.address) {
        return;
      }
      const element = event.target as HTMLFormElement;
      const formData = new FormData(element);
      const statement = formData.get('message') as string;
      const { message, jwt, signature } = await createJwt(
        account.address as &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;,
        chainId,
        statement,
      );
      setData((value: any) => ({
        ...value,
        client: { ...value?.client, jwt },
      }));
      setOutput({ message, jwt, signature, statement });
    },
    [account.address, chainId, setData],
  );
  return (
    <div className="shadow-lg rounded-2xl m-3 p-5 bg-white">
      <h3 className="text-md">{title}</h3>
      <form onSubmit={(event) => onSubmit(event)}>
        <input
          className="rounded border-solid border-2 border-sky-500 w-1/2"
          name="message"
          type="text"
          placeholder="By logging in, you confirm the terms and conditions"
          required
        />
        <button
          className="rounded border-solid border-2 border-sky-500 disabled:text-gray-300 disabled:border-gray-200 disabled:bg-gray-100 px-2"
          disabled={!account.address}
          type="submit"
        >
          {account.address ? 'Login' : 'Check Wallet'}
        </button>
      </form>
      <hr />
      <div className="w-full overflow-auto">
        <JSONView name="result" src={output} />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/components/ExchangeToken.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/components/ExchangeToken.tsx  

~~~  
import { useCallback, useState } from 'react';
import JSONView from 'react-json-view';
import { useAccount } from 'wagmi';

import { exchangeToken } from '../utils/signing';

export function ExchangeToken({
  jwt,
  title,
  onToken,
}: {
  jwt: string;
  title: string;
  onToken: (token: string) => void;
}) {
  const [output, setOutput] = useState<any>();
  const account = useAccount();
  const onClick = useCallback(async () => {
    if (!account.address) return;
    const output = await exchangeToken(jwt);
    if (output.jwt) {
      onToken?.(output.jwt);
    }
    setOutput(output);
  }, [account.address, jwt, onToken]);
  return (
    <div className="shadow-lg rounded-2xl m-3 p-5 bg-white">
      <h3 className="text-md">{title}</h3>
      <button
        className="rounded border-solid border-2 border-sky-500 disabled:text-gray-300 disabled:border-gray-200 disabled:bg-gray-100 px-2"
        disabled={!jwt}
        onClick={onClick}
      >
        Exchange
      </button>
      <hr />
      <div className="w-full overflow-auto">
        <JSONView name="result" src={output} />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/components/ServerVerifyJwt.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/components/ServerVerifyJwt.tsx  

~~~  
import { useCallback, useState } from 'react';
import JSONView from 'react-json-view';
import { useAccount } from 'wagmi';

import { verifyTokenOnServer } from '../utils/signing';

export function ServerVerifyJwt({
  jwt,
  title,
}: {
  jwt: string;
  title: string;
}) {
  const [output, setOutput] = useState<any>();
  const account = useAccount();
  const onClick = useCallback(async () => {
    if (!account.address) return;
    const output = await verifyTokenOnServer(jwt);
    setOutput(output);
  }, [jwt, account]);
  return (
    <div className="shadow-lg rounded-2xl m-3 p-5 bg-white">
      <h3 className="text-md">{title}</h3>
      <button
        className="rounded border-solid border-2 border-sky-500 disabled:text-gray-300 disabled:border-gray-200 disabled:bg-gray-100 px-2"
        disabled={!jwt}
        onClick={onClick}
      >
        Verify
      </button>
      <hr />
      <div className="w-full overflow-auto">
        <JSONView name="result" src={output} />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/components/ShowSession.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/components/ShowSession.tsx  

~~~  
import { useCallback, useContext } from 'react';
import JSONView from 'react-json-view';

import { SignMessageContext } from './SignMessage';

export function ShowSession() {
  const { data, setData } = useContext(SignMessageContext);
  const onClick = useCallback(() => {
    setData({});
  }, [setData]);
  return (
    <div className="shadow-lg rounded-2xl m-3 p-5 bg-white">
      <h3 className="text-md">Session (localStorage)</h3>
      <button
        className="rounded border-solid border-2 border-sky-500 disabled:text-gray-300 disabled:border-gray-200 disabled:bg-gray-100 px-2"
        disabled={Object.keys(data).length === 0}
        onClick={onClick}
      >
        Clear
      </button>
      <div className="w-full overflow-auto">
        <JSONView name="localStorage.session" src={data} />
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/components/SignMessage.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/components/SignMessage.tsx  

~~~  
import { createContext, useCallback, useState } from 'react';

import { ClientVerifyJwt } from './ClientVerifyJwt';
import { CreateJwt } from './CreateJwt';
import { ExchangeToken } from './ExchangeToken';
import { ServerVerifyJwt } from './ServerVerifyJwt';
import { ShowSession } from './ShowSession';

export const SignMessageContext = createContext<{
  data: any;
  setData: ReturnType<typeof useState<any>>[1];
}>({
  data: {},
  setData: () => {},
});

export function SignMessage() {
  const [data, setData_] = useState<any>(() => {
    return JSON.parse(localStorage.getItem('sessionData') || '{}');
  });
  const setData = useCallback((value: any) => {
    setData_((data: any) => {
      const newData = typeof value === 'function' ? value(data) : value;
      localStorage.setItem('sessionData', JSON.stringify(newData));
      return newData;
    });
  }, []);
  return (
    <SignMessageContext.Provider value={{ data, setData }}>
      <CreateJwt title="Sign Client Token" /> <hr />
      <ClientVerifyJwt
        jwt={data?.client?.jwt}
        title="Verify Client token on Client"
      />
      <ServerVerifyJwt
        jwt={data?.client?.jwt}
        title="Verify Client token on Server"
      />
      <ExchangeToken
        jwt={data?.client?.jwt}
        onToken={(jwt) =>
          setData((value: any) => ({ ...value, server: { jwt } }))
        }
        title="Retrieve Server token from Client token"
      />
      <ClientVerifyJwt
        jwt={data?.server?.jwt}
        title="Verify Server token on Client"
      />
      <ExchangeToken
        jwt={data?.server?.jwt}
        onToken={(jwt) =>
          setData((value: any) => ({ ...value, server: { jwt } }))
        }
        title="Refresh Server token"
      />
      <ServerVerifyJwt
        jwt={data?.server?.jwt}
        title="Verify Server token on Server"
      />
      <ShowSession />
    </SignMessageContext.Provider>
  );
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/hooks/useDebounce.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/hooks/useDebounce.ts  

~~~  
import { useEffect, useState } from 'react'

export function useDebounce<T>(value: T, delay?: number): T {
  const [debouncedValue, setDebouncedValue] = useState<T>(value)

  useEffect(() => {
    const timer = setTimeout(() => setDebouncedValue(value), delay ?? 500)
    return () => clearTimeout(timer)
  }, [value, delay])

  return debouncedValue
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/main.tsx  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/main.tsx  

~~~  
import { EthereumClient } from '@web3modal/ethereum';
import { Web3Modal } from '@web3modal/react';
import * as React from 'react';
import * as ReactDOM from 'react-dom/client';
import { WagmiConfig } from 'wagmi';
import './style.css';

import { App } from './App';
import { config, chains, walletConnectProjectId } from './wagmi';

const ethereumClient = new EthereumClient(config, chains);

ReactDOM.createRoot(document.querySelector('#root')!).render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <WagmiConfig config={config}>
      <App />
      <Web3Modal
        projectId={walletConnectProjectId}
        ethereumClient={ethereumClient}
      />
    </WagmiConfig>
  </React.StrictMode>,
);
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/style.css  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/style.css  

~~~  
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/utils/signing.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/utils/signing.ts  

~~~  
import base64url from 'base64url';
import { SiweMessage } from 'siwe';
import {
  getAddress,
  getContract,
  hashMessage,
  recoverMessageAddress,
  toHex,
} from 'viem';
import { Address } from 'wagmi';
import { signMessage } from 'wagmi/actions';

import { config } from '../wagmi';

/**
 * Convert the SiweMessage to a JWT
 * Unfortunately the SIWE standard only signs the message part instead of
 * allowing for the header to be included, but an improper header will also
 * cause the signature not to validate so that should not be a problem.
 *
 * @param message
 * @param signature
 * @returns jwt token string
 */
export async function createJwt(
  account: Address,
  chainId: number,
  statement: string,
): Promise<{ message: SiweMessage; jwt: string; signature: &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp; }> {
  const message_ = new SiweMessage({
    domain: import.meta.env.VITE_APP_DOMAIN,
    uri: &nbsp;https://${import.meta.env.VITE_APP_DOMAIN}&nbsp;,
    statement,
    address: account,
    issuedAt: new Date().toISOString(),
    version: '1',
    expirationTime: new Date(Date.now() + 10_000).toISOString(),
    chainId,
    resources: [
      &nbsp;did:account:${account}&nbsp;,
      &nbsp;did:web:${import.meta.env.VITE_APP_DOMAIN}&nbsp;,
    ],
  });
  const message = message_.prepareMessage();
  const signature = await signMessage({
    message,
  });
  const header = {
    alg: 'ES256K',
    typ: 'JWT',
  };
  return {
    jwt: [
      Buffer.from(JSON.stringify(header)),
      Buffer.from(message),
      Buffer.from(signature.slice(2), 'hex'),
    ]
      .map((d) => base64url(d, 'base64'))
      .join('.'),
    message: message_,
    signature,
  };
}

/**
 * Exchange a client side JWT to a server side JWT
 *
 * @param clientJwt
 * @returns {
 *  message: SiweMessage // new server side message
 *  originalMessage: SiweMessage // original client side message
 *  jwt: string // new server side JWT
 *  valid: boolean // is the client side JWT was valid (always true)
 *  account: &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp; // user account address
 *  error?: string // error message
 *  error_description?: string // error description
 * }
 */
export async function exchangeToken(clientJwt: string): Promise<{
  message?: SiweMessage;
  originalMessage?: SiweMessage;
  jwt?: string;
  valid: boolean;
  account?: &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;;
  error?: string;
  error_description?: string;
}> {
  return await fetch('/exchange', {
    headers: {
      Authorization: &nbsp;Bearer ${clientJwt}&nbsp;,
    },
  })
    .then((response) => response.json())
    .then(({ message, originalMessage, account, ...rest }) => {
      return {
        message: new SiweMessage(message),
        originalMessage: new SiweMessage(originalMessage),
        account: getAddress(account),
        ...rest,
      };
    });
}

/**
 * Simulate API call using the token as a bearer token
 *
 * @param jwt
 * @returns {
 *   message?: SiweMessage // the decoded and reencoded siwe message
 *   valid: boolean // if it was valid
 *   account?: &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp; // the account address
 *   error?: string // error message
 *   error_description?: string // error description
 * }
 */
export async function verifyTokenOnServer(jwt: string): Promise<{
  message: SiweMessage;
  valid: boolean;
  account: &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;;
  error?: string;
  error_description?: string;
  signature?: &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;;
}> {
  return await fetch('/verify', {
    headers: {
      Authorization: &nbsp;Bearer ${jwt}&nbsp;,
    },
  })
    .then((response) => response.json())
    .then(({ message, account, ...rest }) => ({
      message: new SiweMessage(message),
      account: getAddress(account),
      ...rest,
    }));
}

/**
 * Verify JWT on client side
 *
 * @param account
 * @param jwt
 * @returns
 */
export async function verifyTokenOnClient(
  account: Address,
  jwt: string,
): Promise<{
  valid: boolean;
  account?: Address;
  message?: SiweMessage;
  signature?: &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;;
}> {
  const [header, message, signature] = (jwt || '')
    .split('.')
    .map((d: string) => base64url.toBuffer(d));
  const message_ = new SiweMessage(message.toString());
  const { typ, alg } = JSON.parse(header.toString());
  if (typ !== 'JWT' || alg !== 'ES256K') {
    return { valid: false };
  }
  if (message_.address === account) {
    if (!config.chains || !config.connector) {
      throw new Error('No chains or connector configured');
    }
    const contract = getContract({
      abi: [
        {
          inputs: [
            {
              internalType: 'bytes32',
              name: 'dataHash',
              type: 'bytes32',
            },
            {
              internalType: 'bytes',
              name: 'signature',
              type: 'bytes',
            },
          ],
          name: 'isValidSignature',
          outputs: [
            {
              internalType: 'bytes4',
              name: 'returnedStatus',
              type: 'bytes4',
            },
          ],
          stateMutability: 'view',
          type: 'function',
        },
      ],
      address: account,
      publicClient: config.getPublicClient(),
      walletClient: await config.connector.getWalletClient(),
    });
    return await contract.read
      .isValidSignature([
        hashMessage(message.toString()) as &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;,
        toHex(signature) as &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;,
      ])
      .then((output) => {
        if (
          (output as unknown as &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;) ===
          ('0x1626ba7e' as &nbsp;0x${string}&nbsp;)
        ) {
          return {
            valid: true,
            message: message_,
            account,
            signature: toHex(signature),
          };
        }
        return { valid: false };
      })
      .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        return { valid: false, message: message_, error: error.message };
      });
  } else if (
    message_.resources?.find(
      (d) =>
        d.startsWith('did:account:') &&
        getAddress(d.replace(/^did:account:/, '')) === account,
    )
  ) {
    const serverAddress = await fetch('/.well-known/public-key')
      .then((response) => response.json())
      .then(({ address }) => address)
      .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        return '0x';
      });

    return await recoverMessageAddress({
      message: message.toString(),
      signature: toHex(signature),
    })
      .then((address) => {
        const valid = address === serverAddress;
        return { valid, message: message_, account };
      })
      .catch((error) => {
        console.error(error);
        return {
          valid: false,
          message: message_,
          error: error.message,
          signature: toHex(signature),
        };
      });
  }
  return { valid: false };
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/utils/stringify.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/utils/stringify.ts  

~~~  
export const stringify: typeof JSON.stringify = (value, replacer, space) =>
  JSON.stringify(
    value,
    (key, value_) => {
      const value = typeof value_ === 'bigint' ? value_.toString() : value_
      return typeof replacer === 'function' ? replacer(key, value) : value
    },
    space,
  )
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/vite-env.d.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/vite-env.d.ts  

~~~  
/// <reference types="vite/client" />
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /src/wagmi.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/src/wagmi.ts  

~~~  
import { w3mConnectors, w3mProvider } from '@web3modal/ethereum';
import { configureChains, createConfig } from 'wagmi';

export const walletConnectProjectId =
  import.meta.env.VITE_WALLET_CONNECT_PROJECT_ID || '';

const { chains, publicClient, webSocketPublicClient } = configureChains(
  [
    {
      id: 42,
      name: 'LUKSO Mainnet',
      network: '42',
      blockExplorers: {
        default: {
          name: 'Execution Exporer',
          url: 'https://explorer.execution.mainnet.lukso.network',
        },
      },
      nativeCurrency: { name: 'LYX', symbol: 'LYX', decimals: 18 },
      rpcUrls: {
        '42': {
          http: ['https://rpc.mainnet.lukso.network'],
          webSocket: ['wss://ws-rpc.mainnet.lukso.network'],
        },
        default: {
          http: ['https://rpc.mainnet.lukso.network'],
          webSocket: ['wss://ws-rpc.mainnet.lukso.network'],
        },
        public: {
          http: ['https://rpc.mainnet.lukso.network'],
          webSocket: ['wss://ws-rpc.mainnet.lukso.network'],
        },
      },
    },
    {
      id: 4201,
      name: 'LUKSO Testnet',
      network: '4201',
      blockExplorers: {
        default: {
          name: 'Execution Exporer',
          url: 'https://explorer.execution.testnet.lukso.network',
        },
      },
      nativeCurrency: { name: 'TEST LYX', symbol: 'LYXt', decimals: 18 },
      rpcUrls: {
        '4201': {
          http: ['https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network'],
          webSocket: ['wss://ws-rpc.testnet.lukso.network'],
        },
        default: {
          http: ['https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network'],
          webSocket: ['wss://ws-rpc.testnet.lukso.network'],
        },
        public: {
          http: ['https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network'],
          webSocket: ['wss://ws-rpc.testnet.lukso.network'],
        },
      },
      testnet: true,
    },
  ],
  [w3mProvider({ projectId: walletConnectProjectId })],
);

export const config = createConfig({
  autoConnect: true,
  connectors: w3mConnectors({
    chains,
    projectId: walletConnectProjectId,
    version: 2,
  }),
  publicClient,
  webSocketPublicClient,
});

export { chains, publicClient };
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /tailwind.config.js  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/tailwind.config.js  

~~~  
/** @type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */

const data = {
  content: ['./index.html', './src/**/*.tsx'],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  // eslint-disable-next-line unicorn/prefer-module
  plugins: [require('@tailwindcss/forms')],
};
export default data;
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /tsconfig.json  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/tsconfig.json  

~~~  
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "allowJs": false,
    "allowSyntheticDefaultImports": true,
    "esModuleInterop": false,
    "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
    "isolatedModules": true,
    "jsx": "react-jsx",
    "lib": ["DOM", "DOM.Iterable", "ESNext"],
    "module": "ESNext",
    "moduleResolution": "Node",
    "noEmit": true,
    "resolveJsonModule": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "strict": true,
    "target": "ESNext",
    "useDefineForClassFields": true
  },
  "include": ["./src"],
  "exclude": ["./node_modules", "./dist", "./dist.server"]
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /tsconfig.server.json  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/tsconfig.server.json  

~~~  
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "target": "ES2018",
    "module": "ES2022",
    "strict": true,
    "outDir": "dist.server",
    "jsx": "preserve",
    "importHelpers": true,
    "moduleResolution": "node",
    "noImplicitAny": true,
    "experimentalDecorators": true,
    "esModuleInterop": true,
    "allowSyntheticDefaultImports": true,
    "sourceMap": true,
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "allowJs": true,
    "baseUrl": ".",
    "types": ["node"],
    "paths": {
      "@/*": ["src/*"]
    },
    "lib": [
      "es2018",
      "es2021",
      "dom",
      "dom.iterable",
      "scripthost",
      "ES2020.BigInt"
    ],
    "resolveJsonModule": true
  },
  "include": ["./server/index.ts"],
  "exclude": ["./node_modules", "./dist.server", "./dist"]
}
  
~~~  
</file>  
  

<file>  
## path: /vite.config.ts  
url: https://github.com/richtera/lukso-siwe-demo/blob/main/vite.config.ts  

~~~  
import react from '@vitejs/plugin-react';
import autoprefixer from 'autoprefixer';
import postcssImport from 'postcss-import';
import postcssNesting from 'postcss-nesting';
import tailwindcss from 'tailwindcss';
import tailwindNesting from 'tailwindcss/nesting';
import { defineConfig } from 'vite';
import mkcert from 'vite-plugin-mkcert';

// https://vitejs.dev/config/
export default defineConfig({
  server: {
    host: '::',
    proxy: {
      '/.well-known': 'http://localhost:3000',
      '/verify': 'http://localhost:3000',
      '/exchange': 'http://localhost:3000',
    },
    https: true,
  },
  define: {
    global: 'globalThis',
  },
  resolve: {
    alias: {
      process: 'process/browser',
      util: 'util',
    },
  },
  plugins: [mkcert(), react()],
  css: {
    postcss: {
      plugins: [
        postcssImport(),
        tailwindNesting(postcssNesting),
        autoprefixer,
        tailwindcss,
      ],
    },
  },
});
  
~~~  
</file>  
  
</repository>  
