welcome to all of you to the looko
buildup hackathon number two I'm very
happy today to be presenting a workshop
on the service relayer for a little
introduction on who I am so my name is
magali Morin I am a software engineer at
luo and the projects I've been working
on since uh I've joined luo are the
service relayer on which I will be
talking today and also the indexer that
you can find at search. Universal
profile. Cloud which indexes the
universal profiles on the blockchain and
also the tokens and
nft so the objective of this Workshop is
that you get an idea of how to use a
service relayer how to send execute
relay call transaction how to deploy
Universal profiles and finally I will do
a demo with uh the GitHub repository
that I have prepared for this
Workshop all along the the workshop you
can always refer at docs. loco. Tech
where you will find very detailed
information on everything that I will be
talking about so don't hesitate to visit
d.o. tech for any question that you
have so today a big barrier of Entry to
the blockchain is the fact that users
needs to buy token of a network on an
exchange platform do a kyc etc etc along
and a very a discouraging process before
they are able to send transaction to the
blockchain the idea of the service
relayer is to replace this two time step
for the user with just a onetime step
for the user the user just needs to
subscribe to a monthly subscription to
the service relayer and then the service
relayer sends and pay for the
transaction fee of the users every time
a user wants to make an action on the
blockchain
so basically the service relayer removes
a barrier of Entry of the user to use
the
blockchain let's get into more details
on how this flow Works a user signs a
transaction with a key this key doesn't
need any fund on it it just needs to
have permission to execute a transaction
on the universal
profile this transaction is sent to the
service relayer the service relayer then
sends this transaction and sends it to
the
blockchain the user needs to send the
transaction to the service relayer this
transaction is an object with different
parameters the first parameter is the
address this address is the universal
profile address of the user on which the
transaction will be
executed then we have a transaction
object the transaction object consist of
the ABI the ABI of the transaction to be
executed a signature this is the signed
transaction with the key of the user
which doesn't have any
fund the nons the nons is the nons of
the signing key of the
transaction and finally the validity
time stamp the validity time stamp is
the duration for which the transaction
will be considered valid in this case
the validity time stamps is set to zero
this means that the transaction is valid
for an indefinite period of
time then the service relayer will
encode the execute relay call
transaction with the parameters given by
the
user and finally it will signs and send
the transaction to the
blockchain this transaction will be
executed on the blockchain and the
service relayer will return to the user
the transaction
hash now let's get into more detail on
how to deploy a universal profile
a universal profile deployment required
to deploy several smart contracts and
these smart contracts need to interact
with each
other in fact a universal profile is a
combination of different contracts on
one side an ERC 725 account contract and
also an LS sp6 key manager
contract this LS sp6 key manager
contract is linked to the ERC 725
account
contract
then we can also set additional settings
like a universal receiver delegate or
lsb3 metadata on the ERC 725 account
contract in order to orchestrate the
deployment of these very different
contracts and to set additional data on
top of this deployment we use the LSP 23
standard now let's get into the demo
code so first I would like to present
some tools that will be useful to you
when you will be be tacking with the
repository first the luo faet this faet
allows you to get some fund on your keys
from the Luxo test net the second tool
that will be very useful to you is ERC
725 inspect it allows you very easily to
know what is inside your Universal
profile now let's get into the repo and
into the demo
code let's clone the Repository
and do the installation
setup once you have followed the
installation process you should have an
environment file with a private key
which have funds on it so this key
relayer private key is the key that was
in Pink So this key is the key that will
be used to send execute relay code to
the blockchain you can use the faet in
order to fund this
key
let's run the project by running yarn
Dev this
will generate the server
and here we see that the server was
successfully started at Locos
3000 so now we can um use the script in
order to execute a relay call or deploy
a universal profile first let's start by
executing a relay
call
in the script execute relay a call we
see that we need
to give two parameters in input the
first parameter is the universal profile
address on which we want to execute this
relay and then it's the user private key
this private key is the key that was in
gold in the slide before this key
doesn't need any fund it only needs to
have permission on the universal profile
in order to execute the ABI
payload in this script as we don't fill
in the input parameters any API a
default set data AI will be executed in
our on our Universal
profile you can find this ABI uh in the
jate body execute. TS
file it's this one so this is the AI
that will be executed on the universal
Pro profile it's a set data transaction
and it will set this default lsb3
profile
data as we want to execute a set data
transaction on the universal profile we
need to make sure that the user private
key has set data permission on the
universal
profile so now let's execute the script
and see if the lsb3 profile that are
correctly set set on our Universal
profile to execute the
script we will
run yarn run
execute here we see that the execute
relay call request is being sent to the
blockchain by the service
relayer this execute relay call request
is signed by this wallet
address
and here we have that the transaction
was successfully sent and we see that
our transaction was
successful then we can see on ERC 725
inspect if the LSP profile metadata were
correctly set on our Universal
profile so let's go on ERC 725
inspect and here paste the contract
address here is the universal profile
address address on which we executed the
relay
call and here we can see everything that
is on this Universal
profile we see in lsb3 profile that here
we have the lsb3 profile metadata that
we wanted to set on it so the execute
relay C transaction was successfully
executed
now let's deploy a universal profile
with the script so the input parameters
are a list of controllers addresses with
permissions and lsb3 profile metadata to
set on the deployed Universal
profile so let's get into more detail on
what does these list of controller means
so once the universal profile will be
deployed we want to set controller
addresses on it with very specific
permission in order to to encode and
encode this permission we can also use
ERC 725 inspect I will do this here to
show you how to do it on your c725
inspect there is this key manager
permission page where you can paste the
permissions and then it will decode for
you the
permission that it corresponds to here
we can see that this corresponds to a
set data
permission so once the universal profile
will be deployed it will have a
controller with this address that will
have the s data permission on
it it will also have this address which
will have other permissions on it and
also this address with these permissions
and finally it will be deployed with
this lsb3 profile
metadata so let's run the script deploy
up in order to deploy a universal
profile and check if it was deployed
with a COR correct
inputs for this we run the script yarn
run deploy
up and let's see so now the relayer
received a request to deploy a universal
profile and here we see that the
universal profile was successfully
deployed and here is the transaction
hash on the Block Explorer it was
successful and we can inspect the
universal
profile on RC 725 inspect so if we go to
the LSP 6 address permission here we see
that this Universal profile was deployed
with three addresses as controllers this
is what we decided and let's check that
each of these addresses have the correct
permissions so for this I will use the
data fetcher here I will paste the
universal profile
address and here I want to inspect the
address permission for a specific
address here I will paste the address of
the
controller omitting the two first
bytes and I want to get the data and
here we see that the permissions that
this address have on the universal
profile is only set data and this is
what we were
expecting you can find more information
on how each parameters is generated in
the read me please go through there in
detail as it will give you better
Insight on how each endpoint works and
how a transaction execute relay call or
a deploy Universal profile is executed
through the relayer finally I thought
about some ideas for the hackathon that
could be nice to uh discuss about the
nons management system so in this
implementation of the rayer there is
just one key that that signs and send
the transaction to the blockchain
however if there was just one key the
relayer will be a very slow system so
ideally we want several keys that are
signing and sending transaction uh to
the blockchain in parallel but for this
we need to have a good non management of
each
Keys then another idea was the batch of
transaction in order to reduce the cost
of gas fee the relayer could send users
transaction in batch this has the
advantages of reducing the gas fee but
also on the other side disadvantages so
for example uh we could not send um the
transaction hash back to the user for
each transaction that they want to make
and also if one of the transaction would
happen to fail then the whole batch of
transaction would
fail and finally another idea would be
link to the quota
management how does user would uh pay or
retribute to the service relater for
paying their transaction fees uh would
they pay on a monthly basis or would um
it be another system that pay for the
user I think uh in this subject uh we
can be very creative on how to manage
quota so this is something definitely
worth uh thinking about so thank you
very much for having followed this work
work shop I it was really a pleasure for
me to present my work on the relayer
don't hesitate if you have any question
to come up to me on Discord I will do my
best to answer all your
questions I wish you the best of luck
for the hackathon and I'm very very
excited to see all the project that you
will come up with and hopefully in the
future we can collaborate together and
create and build very cool stuff on the
looks of
blockchain